okay let's see i want to go to a thai restaurant .  with less than ten dollars per person
     i like to eat at lunch time . so that would be eleven a__m to one p__m
i don't want to walk for more than five minutes
tell me more about the  na- nakapan  restaurant on martin luther king
i like to go to a hamburger restaurant
let's start again
i like to get a hamburger at an american restaurant
i'd like to eat dinner . and i don't mind walking  . for half an hour
i don't want to spend more than  ten dollars for a hamburger
        tell me more about the two barbecue restaurants you listed
tell me about everett and jones barbecue flint's barbecue and the thai barbecue please
where's the best place to get soup in berkeley
where's the best place to get soup in berkeley for lunch for under ten dollars .  with a ten minute walk
what types of food do you understand
i want indian food and i have chuck's car so i can drive in but i only want to drive for ten minutes and i only want to pay five dollars
what about the indian cafe . can you give me information about that
tell me about pasand's
 tell me about moe's burgers
a cheap restaurant near by that serves meat
like to eat pork or beef
bacon and eggs . or breakfast
more information about addison annex
yeah i'd like to go out for some thai food  not too expensive
 how about six p__m
make it walking distance
tell me about the thai barbecue place
yeah i'm looking for a vegetarian place that's open on wednesday
 i'll s- i'll spend a lot of money this time
doesn't matter how far
tell me about the long life vegi house
i would like to eat american food or mexican food
i would like to  eat lunch today
i would like to have lunch
 i don't want to spend a lot of money  so something fairly cheap would be good
i wanna eat someplace that's close to i__c__s__i
i want to eat  italian
  i don't mind spending a lot of money but     i don't wanna go someplace cheap i guess middle range would be good
 i don't mind  having to drive someplace doesn't have to be close to i__c__s__i
i need to find a  place to eat  for next  saturday
i'd like to eat  italian food  or american food either one
 i want  a restaurant where i can get some lunch  tomorrow
i'd like to find something that's fairly cheap
 i'd like something that's  within walking distance of i__c__s__i
is there anything cheaper than that
i want to find a inexpensive place to eat dinner
i think i would like to eat some vegetarian food
i would also  in addition to vegetarian i would also like to try to see if i can find some mexican food
i want to find some place that's fairly close to i__c__s__i
can you give me some more information on manuel's
i want to find a really nice place to eat lunch next wednesday
i want to eat either french food california food or italian food
i have a car so the distance is not important
can you give me some more information on skates
can you show me  the list of restaurants again
i'd like to see some more information on augusta's
can i see the original list again
please tell me more about fourth street grill
a-la-carte . addison annex . amaru . arinell pizza . augusta's
ay-caramba . berkeley thai house . bette's ocean view . blondie's pizza . blue nile
bombay cuisine . brennan's . brick hut cafe . brit-marie's . cactus taqueria
cafe fanny . cafe mar-mara . cafe pastoral . cafe vin . cafe violeta
caffe giovanni . caffe venezia . cambodiana's . casa-de-eva . casbah
cha-am . chez-panisse . chez-panisse cafe . christopher's cafe . claremont seafood
coffee renaissance . continental garden . daruma teashop . elmwood pharmacy . everett and jones barbecue
 fat slice pizza . fat apple's . flint's barbecue . fourth street grill . gertie's
gramma's inn . guerrero's . homemade cafe . hong-fu . hong-kong villa
international house cafe . joshu-ya . juan's place . juice bar collective . kip's
kirala . la mediterranee . la-val's . lalime's . lococo's restaurant
lilly's . long life vegi house maharani . manuel's . mario's la fiesta
 meal ticket . metropole . nadine's . omnivore . oriental food to go
panini . pasand madras cuisine . pepito's mexican deli . petrouchka . picante taqueria
plearn thai cuisine . rich potsticker . ristorante venezia . sandwiches a-go-go . saul's deli
shin-shin . siam cuisine . skates . soup kitchen heike . spenger's
stuffed inn . sujatha's . sushi-sho . taiwan restaurant . thai barbecue
 the milvia . the swallow . top dog . tsing-tao . vasiliki
vegi food . vietnam village . viva taqueria . westside bakery
won thai cuisine . yorkshire fish and chips . zachary's chicago
i'd like to eat some chinese food
i want to eat this afternoon
i want to spend no more than seven dollars
i want to travel no more than three blocks
i'd like to eat some italian food
i'd like to eat monday afternoon
i'd like to spend no more than fifty dollars
 i'd like to travel no more than twenty blocks
when is caffe venezia open during the day
i'd like to eat some mexican food today and i'd like to spend no more than . forty dollars
 i'd like to eat mexican food today
i'd like to spend no more than one hundred dollars
 i'd like to go to a restaurant that is not fast food
  i'd like to
i'd like to travel no more than twenty minutes
 where is  cactus taqueria located
please show the list
 i was thinking about going out for some french food tonight
how about  twelve dollars a person
i'll try to get a car so it shouldn't matter 
 why don't you make that up to sixteen dollars
 can i have more information on   metropole
can you tell me about . asian food in berkeley
dinner any night
i'm a student so it had best not be better than more more  best not be more than six dollars a person
 doesn't matter how far i wanna see everything here
can you tell me more about oriental food to go   and  vietnam village
where's the most expensive russian place in berkeley
 dinner is best
it can be anywhere
 a-la-carte . addison annex . amaru . arinell pizza . augusta's
ay-caramba . berkeley thai house . bette's ocean view . blondie's pizza . blue nile
brennan's . brick hut cafe . brit-marie's . cactus taqueria . cafe fanny
cafe mar-mara . cafe pastoral . cafe vin . cafe violeta . caffe giovanni
caffe venezia . cambodiana's . casa-de-eva . casbah . cha-am
chez-panisse . chez-panisse cafe . christopher's cafe . claremont seafood . coffee renaissance
continental garden . daruma teashop . elmwood pharmacy . everett and jones barbecue . fat slice pizza
fat apple's . flint's barbecue . fourth street grill . gertie's . gramma's inn
guerrero's . homemade cafe . hong-fu . hong-kong villa . international house cafe
joshu-ya . juan's place . juice- juice bar collective . kip's . kirala
la mediterranee . la-val's . lalime's . lococo's restaurant . lilly's
long life vegi house . maharani . manuel's . mario's la fiesta . meal ticket
metropole . nadine's . omnivore . oriental food to go . panini
pasand madras cuisine . pepito's mexican deli . petrouchka . picante taqueria
plearn thai cuisine . rich potsticker . ristorante venezia . sandwiches a-go-go
saul's deli . shin-shin . siam cuisine . skates . soup kitchen heike
spenger's . stuffed inn . sujatha's . sushi-sho . taiwan restaurant
thai barbecue . the milvia . the swallow . top dog . tsing-tao
vasiliki . vegi food . vietnam village . viva taqueria . westside bakery
won thai cuisine . yorkshire fish and chips  . zachary's chicago . yorkshire fish and chips
i want to eat lunch today
i want to eat dinner on sunday evening
money is no object
since i have a car travel distance is not important
i would like to eat some cuban food not to spend more than twenty five dollars
i would like to eat some russian food and not spend more than ten dollars
i would like to eat this late afternoon
i would like not to travel more than a mile away from . here
i would like to eat some russian food
tell me about
tell me something about petrouchka
i would like to have some  fish food for dinner . and  i'm not really sure what type of restaurant it should be whether or
  . i would like to  eat tonight  at seven o'clock p__m approximately
 something in the medium range . let's say about twenty twenty five dollars per person
oh  how far from i__c__s__i   somewhere either in walking distance or where i can take 
could you please give us some more information on gertie's
 i would like to go for lunch  to some mexican place 
well   not very much  something in the up to ten dollar range
 actually i have a car available now so my friend can take me to  anywhere within the east bay . area
i haven't yet tried cactus taqueria so could you please give me  some additional information on it
 thank you for this information but could you please tell me if they  serve alcohol or not
could i please see a list of  mexican restaurants that i asked for before
could you possibly recommend any place yourself
thank you very much and goodbye
  i'm looking for a thai restaurant that is not too expensive and is on south side
   for dinner . . on the weekends that doesn't require reservations 
 i'd like some information on cha-am  . thai restaurant
i'm looking for a restaurant for my parents when they come into town   italian food  dressy casual
  would be for dinner on a friday or saturday evening
   my parents would be willing to spend fifteen to twenty five dollars on entrees 
   we have an automobile so we can go anywhere within the berkeley area doesn't matter how far . and a restaurant that's fun lik-
 tell me more information on ristorante venezia
  w-   show me the list  well no what i wanted to do was 
start over   . show me the list
 tell me about the musical offering . cafe
 tell me about cafe milano
start over    show me the list
 i'm looking for a greek restaurant  casual for the weekends evening  that's between the
 i don't want to travel any further than ten minutes from i__c__s__i
tell me more information about vasiliki
 do you need reservations for this restaurant
  i'm looking for a fun  mostly college crowd  mexican food restaurant that's cheap
 it would be for the weekends  i would prefer it to be no more that ten minutes away from i__c__s__i
   tell me more about manuel's
 start over
i'm looking for oh you don't have anything about locations like hearst avenue . finished  
computer alright i'm really hungry today for some thai food  and  i've got about three and half dollars to spend
less than ten minutes . distance in terms of time too
  i'd like to spend less than six dollars
okay i can spring for ten dollars today
tell me about nakapan
tell me about plearn thai cuisine
i'd like to eat mexican food today
i only have five dollars and i don't have a lot of time . so less than five minutes
show me all the mexican restaurants
what's good at cactus taqueria
show me all the barbecue places within fifteen minutes of icksee
i'm interested in lunch and dinner
up to fifteen dollars
show me all the barbecue restaurants
show me all the mexican restaurants within fifteen minutes drive of icksee
show me the santa-fe bar and grill
 i'm looking for an indian restaurant
a    an evening buffet . friday or saturday
 about fifteen dollars per person
within three miles of i__c__s__i
 does maharani serve vegetarian food
  computer   are there any fancy restaurants in berkeley
with california cuisine
 dinner time
  within an hour of icksee 
tell me more about christopher's cafe
 show me the list
 do any of the restaurants on the list take credit cards 
which restaurants on the list are open on sundays
  find me restaurants that are on san__pablo avenue
 are there any restaurants that are mexican and vegetarian
weeknight dinner
 a cheap restaurant
  . within  walking distance of icksee
tell me more about ay-caramba
oh  please show me the li-
 tell me more about pasand
are there any thai restaurants that are open very late
 medium priced . restaurants
  dri- i can drive any- anywhere
which of the restaurants on the list are vegetarian
 are there russian restaurants in berkeley
are there russian restaurants in berkeley
 i want to eat dinner and it can be medium priced
i can drive to dinner
 tell me more about petrouchka
   . are there
 are there any falafel restaurants in berkeley
 are there places to eat breakfast in berkeley
 are there any places for breakfast in berkeley
i would like to walk from icksee and  spend under fifteen dollars and
 show me the information for meal ticket
 show me the information for vasiliki
 show me the information for la tour eiffel
i am looking for a medium priced   southeast asian type restaurant like maybe vietnamese or
 def-   dinner definitely
actually  anywhere is fine probably west berkeley  not too far from campus
okay how about a lower priced
okay how about very expensive
 can you recommend any like particularly good dishes there . or is it too cheap 
i'm looking for dim-sum
how about sushi
this will be for  sunday dinner time
well  medium priced for sushi i guess
as far away as possible
would i need reservations at sushi-sho
could i have that list back again
how's the service at kirala
 how about japanese restaurants that do stuff besides sushi
   how about lunch .  probably lunch friday . and since it's lunch it'll be near campus
ultra cheap
how about a little upscale from that
i'd like some really good food on saturday night
i would like to eat some chinese food on saturday night
i'd like . thai food on friday lunchtime . cheap
 i'd like to have indian food  today
expensive
do you have anything about chez-panisse
like a listing for cheap meals very close to i__c__s__i open on sunday
for this same case are these two restaurants open  for lunch
i'd like to go up to the next higher price category so not these cheap ones but  just more expensive little bit more expensive
i'd like a listing of restaurants that are fairly far from i__c__s__i and are moderate price not too cheap not too
for this same case it needs to be sunday night
can you give me a listing of the kinds of food . that are available
please give me a list of the food choices
okay for the same case how about  thai or  vietnamese or french or italian
i didn't want the ones that were close just the ones that are far
how about italian and quite expensive is fine
where can i go for lunch today
 i would like to eat french food
  i would like to spend less than ten dollars
oh  i don't wanna travel too far
 . please increase the amount that i wanna spend to twenty dollars
  can you give me more information   on the french restaurant
oh
 where can i go to ea-
i wanna eat lunch today
i wanna spend about five dollars
 i don't wanna travel too far
  please give me more information on oriental food to go
  where can i go to have dinner today . tonight
 i don't care what kind of food i eat
 i'd like to spend less than ten dollars
i don't care  f- how far i travel
    can you list . the vegetarian restaurants
  . can you give me more information on long life vegi house and vegi food
  can you give me information on the restaurant called vegi food
i'm looking for an inexpensive oriental restaurant that's very close
 i'd like a chinese restaurant that's near by and is open all week
tell me more about oriental food to go please thanks
 i'm looking for some pizza and i'd like it to be somewhere near by
i'd like to have pizza for lunch
 i'd like the most expensive pizza that i can get for lunch
i'd like some very expensive pizza that's far away from here please
 i'd like to have my expensive pizza for lunch please
i'd like some expensive pizza that's far away for dinner please
i'd like some thai food that's near by but not plearn's please
i'd like to spend a medium amount of money please
i'd like to have thai food for lunch please
i'd like some northern italian food  for dinner but i don't wanna make a reservation
what other italian restaurants are near caffe venezia
i'm looking for a croissant  somewhere near by and inexpensive  for breakfast
i'd like some french food that's far away and expensive and not a family restaurant because i hate
i want to find a restaurant where i can have dinner with a friend
 i prefer to have oriental food
 think i can spend up to ten dollars per person
 we have a car so maybe we can drive for around ten or fifteen minutes from icksee
this the list is too long  i want only japanese food
can you give me some recommendation which one serves better sushi
 do you know what type of food they serve in kirala
 i want a place where i can have ice cream
can you tell me  which cafe that i can go to .   friday evening after six
i want to spend less than five dollars
 i can drive so it can be anywhere
can you show me th-  more information about international house cafe
can i see the list please
can you show me what you know about cafe durant
could i see that  list of restaurants again
do you have   more information on manuel's
i wanted to try some south american food
i like to eat sometime this evening
what i had in mind was somewhere between five and ten dollars . inexpen-
i have no constraint about distance from i__c__s__i
do you have a telephone number for this cafe violeta
how many chinese restaurants are there in berkeley
i ask for the number of chinese restaurants in
i am interested in a good chinese dinner
i definitely do not want to have  cheap chinese food
i would like to walk no more than ten minutes
what days of the week is hong-fu open
is the hong-kong villa open on tuesdays
i'm interested in
i'm looking for a good place to eat breakfast
any kind of food except  oriental
you should not constrain the cost at all
not too far . somewhere between five and ten minutes
what kind of food does the continental garden's feature
i wanna take someone for dinner in a really fancy place
 i'd like to find a restaurant to eat in on saturday
i believe i'd like to eat some italian food
i'd like to spend less than ten dollars
i don't really care as long as it's near   berkeley as long as it's in berkeley
could you give me some more information on caffe giovanni
i want to eat some italian food
i'd like to eat tonight at six
i wanna spend ten dollars a plate
how about three blocks
  what is this restaurant's hours
are there any persian restaurants in berkeley
are there any ethiopian restaurants in berkeley
tomorrow evening
any amount
anywhere in berkeley
how many people can  the casbah handle
 i'd like to know all the restaurants around here that i can eat very quickly at
no more than ten dollars
 right now
which one is closest to here
 i only want restaurants that are within two minutes walk from here
i said two minutes not five
 tell me about oriental food to go
  what's the best french restaurant around
 i want to go and have dinner tomorrow
doesn't matter
anywhere
tell me about a-la-carte
tell me about the other one
tell me about . cambodian restaurants in berkeley . anywhere in berkeley
anytime . make it cheap too
tell me about cambodiana's
tell me about all of the . cambod-  let's see  the veg-
could you tell me information about la-val's
tell me about all of the european restaurants
 could you give me information about petrouchka
could you print the menu for vasiliki
 yuck .  what smorgasbord restaurants are around
i'm looking for a place where i can get a burrito
i'm looking for mexican food
i want to eat at lunch time  or dinner time or even breakfast
 i don't have much money i want to spend very little
 i don't want to travel very far from i__c__s__i it should be walking distance
 tell me more about ay-caramba
 tell me more about manuel's
 so i i was kidding i really want thai food
or should i say start over start over . . . okay  computer
 .  i'm looking for a thai restaurant within walking distance from i__c__s__i i want to eat lunch
it should be reasonably cheap not very cheap
please tell me everything you know about plearn
hi please show me that list again
thanks dude
 . a french restaurant close to i__c__s__i
 i want to eat at seven o'clock . and i want to spend ten dollars a person
 french food .  dinner .  twenty dollars
 tell me more about metropole
 dinner wednesday  . thirty dollars . each
 italian food
traveling doesn't matter 
 ristorante venezia
 gimme information on sujat- sujatha's
gimme information on sujatha's
gimme information on maharani
indian restaurants for dinner twelve dollars .  within five minutes from i__c__s__i
distance from i__c__s__i  twenty minutes
list all russian places
gimme information on . petr- petrouchka
information on petrouchka
 american food breakfast .  six dollars . twenty minutes from i__c__s__i
i need to find a japanese restaurant  for lunch twelve dollars a person and twenty minutes from the i__c__s__i
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food
i want to eat on friday night around seven o'clock
i want to spend about ten dollars a person
i wanna travel around . a mile from i__c__s__i
could i have more information on mario's la fiesta
could you give me a listing of chinese restaurants that  cost around fifteen dollars a per-
i want to eat in the afternoon for lunch
one about five minute walk from i__c__s__i
could i have  additional information on oriental food to go
 i'd like to eat some indian food tonight
less than twelve dollars a head
 i don't really care
 i'd like to take a friend for some vietnamese lunch today
 less than twenty four dollars total
  less than ten minutes
i'd like to take my father for an expensive french dinner tonight
 i don't care
   show me more about the metropole
 
 show me all the thai restaurants in berkeley
show me more on siam cuisine
i feel like eating indian food today
i'd like to eat indian food
what's bombay cuisine like
i would like to eat chinese food
i want to eat this evening
i want to spend lots of money
i want it to be within walking distance ten minutes or so
i don't mind a cheap restaurant
what's hong-kong villa like
 i wannu eat  somewhere really nice
  i'd like to eat french cuisine or california cuisine or something like that
  i want to eat this evening
i've got a car so i can go anywhere in berkeley
tell me some more about omnivore
tell me about chez-panisse
that was chez-panisse cafe what about chez-panisse
okay that one looks pretty good end of session
are there any austrian restaurants in berkeley
please show me a list of all italian restaurants
are there any restaurants open after midnight
i do not want to spend too much money
that does not matter i have a car
can i get spaghetti in the caffe giovanni
   oh which are the cheapest places near i__c__s__i where i  can go for lunch
 which are the most affordable places close to i__c__s__i for lunch
any food is good for me
i want to spend five dollars
what type of food do you get at la tour eiffel
can you show me the list of restaurants again
addison annex
do you know mel's restaurant
which restaurant is farthest away from i__c__s__i
where do i get german food
where can i get egyptian or arabian food
is there a middle eastern restaurant
i would like to eat in the morning
that doesn't matter
i would like to have dinner
 show me la mediterranee
 i'd like to go out for lunch for taiwanese food
  i'd like to spend about six dollars each meal
  i'd like to walk about five to ten minutes
 can i have more information about this taiwan restaurant
 please can i see the menu of this restaurant
  i'd like to go out for asian lunch
oh no i plan to spend about six dollar-
i don't wanna walk more than ten minutes
  give me more information about the cambodiana's restaurant
 please show the list again
 i want more information about the thai barbecue restaurant
 i'd like to go out into american restaurant
 i'd like to have a list of the german restaurants
  i'd like to get a list of the japanese restaurants
right now       
about si- six dollars
not more than ten minutes
 i still wanna go to a japanese restaurant i wanna spend not more than ten dollars and i don't wanna drive
  i wanna spend six to twelve dollars
i wanna   drive less than ten minutes
    ha- which restaurant has sushi
where's the nicest waiter 
i like to go out for mediterranean food
in ten minutes
i wanna spend between six and ten dollars
less than ten minutes
 i can spend whatever money it costs
  distance can be up to twenty minutes walk
 i wanna go for dinner to that restaurant
 this is the end
oh  i'd like to find out all greek restaurants
on sunday or . saturday night
not more than twenty dollars for a meal
not more than . thirty minutes by car
please tell me more about the restaurant vasiliki  
please tell me more about vasiliki  
tell me all greek restaurants in berkeley
i'd like to have information about chinese restaurants
i want to know all chinese restaurants where the meal is less than five dollar
i'm able to travel up to thirty minutes
 are there any german restaurants
is there any restaurant with . imported beer
where can i have rose wine
is there a restaurant with having more than hundred places
 i need a restaurant with more than hundred places . oh
i like californian food
i want to eat each day
i like chinese food  could you make me some proposals
 i would like to go for dinner tonight to chinese restaurant
not too much maybe between five and eight dollars per person
i have a car so i don't care
tell me more about oriental food to go
 i would like to have sushi . today for lunch
    i do not want to know anything more about chinese restaurants i want to know about sushi
do you know about a place called sushi-ko
 i guess the french cuisine is the best all over the world do you have something appropriate for me
please show me french restaurants in berkeley
i would like to go for dinner . tomorrow night to a french restaurant
i would spend until twenty dollars per person . and it should be
should be in driving distance
tell me more about that la tour eiffel
what can you tell me about i think it was called .  metropole
give me the list of all french restaurants in berkeley
i want  to eat european food
i want to eat in the evening
let's say up to fifteen dollar
i want to travel up to three kilometers
 tell me a little bit more about nadine's
i'm looking for a restaurant
i would like to eat american food
i want to do it in the evening
up to ten dollar
two kilometers
give me a little bit more information about top dog
i want to go for breakfast in the surroundings of the i__c__s__i
i'd like to eat mexican
up to twenty dollar
i'd like to have european breakfast
it could be in a surrounding of five kilometers
  are there any chinese restaurants within walking distance of i__c__s__i
in the early evening
not more than  ten dollars
  do any of the restaurants on this list serve vegetarian food
does hong-kong villa serve spicy szechuan cuisine
are any of the restaurants on the list open in the morning
list me all the german restaurants in berkeley
my in-laws will visit me next weekend and i would like to take them to a indian restaurant  any suggestions
  my budget is very limited and i don't want to spend more than five dollars
it should preferably be within walking distance
  which of these two restaurants serves  southern indian cuisine
show me the list again
i have been told that the first restaurant on the list serves so- south indian  dishes
do you know of any restaurants that serve pickled pigs feet
how about boiled pigs feet that's a german delicacy
the listed restaurants s- don't sound like german restaurants can you show me an excerpt of their menus
can you at least list the nationality of these restaurants
my wedding anniversary is coming up and i would like a list of the really fancy restaurants
the kind of food doesn't matter as long as it is expensive
 this saturday night
distance doesn't matter we're gonna take a chauffeured limousine
please list only those restaurants in the highest price category
can you give me some more information on the metropole restaurant
thank you
i'm very hungry today and i want to go to dinner this evening
maybe asian food or african  would be fine
it shouldn't be m- more than ten dollars including all the drinks
distance is no problem because i have a fast car maybe not more than twenty minutes with a car
how about the blue nile it sounds very good could you show me a menu
show me the list please
can you give me some more information about the shin-shin please
shin-shin looks fine can you please m- make a reservation for a table this evening at seven
i want to go to lunch today and i'm not familiar with berkeley at all it shouldn't be far away
i would like german food especially bavarian is my preferred kind of food
okay then  let's try middle european
money's no problem it has to be expensive because i have a very prosperous guest with me
let's try the metropole at shattuck
i like fre- french food a lot please make a reservation for this evening for a table for two persons at eight
can you show me the list again
how about caffe venezia do they have tortellini
please cancel the reservation w-  at the other restaurant i would prefer caffe venezia
   i want to go to eat some african food today
i want to eat on saturday
 i like to spend ten dollar
i want to go not f- f-  farther than ten minutes
   how about if the distance is about half an hour
 please provide me some more information about blue nile
   i wanna go for italian dinner
 i wanna go today
 i wanna spend less than ten dollars for us both
 it should be very close to ic- i__c__s__i
  let's try it with fast food
 no i don't like pizza
  so what about russian dinner
so i would spend more than twelve dollars for us both
 i would go a distance of five minutes
so i would go a distance of six minutes
  so provide me some more information about the  ristorante venezia
i would like to  have dinner on saturday .  in berkeley
i would like to have a . famous  american restaurant
oh i don't know how much money i need for a  excellent dinner
oh it shouldn't be too far away from  i__c__s__i  probably a mile or so
i would like to  get you helped in take any cost   for thi-
tell me about soup kitchen heike
give me once more the list please
how about saul's deli
  tell me what saul's deli .  is like
do you have a  list of the available  meals at . saul's deli
let's try it again . can you tell me the type of courses i can get at that restaurant
start over please
let's have a  .  nice french restaurant
i still want to have dinner on saturday
take any of the categories
i will stay with this one mile from i__c__s__i
how about la tour eiffel
how about chez-panisse
do you have a  list of the meals at chez-panisse
do you have other gourmet restaurants californian style
howbout
do you have other charming restaurants
do you have restaurants for napav-
do you have  cafes in your list
i want to eat on wednesday for lunch
i don't mind about the money
i don't mind about the length of the travel
excellent
 i would like to find a place  for lunch today
is there any good place for thai food
 actually i want to spend about ten dollars maximum
the place should be reachable within ten minutes
 i would like to know more about thai barbecue
 can i have the list again
 what about nakapan
 give me back the list
 there is a place it's called like plearn thai cuisine . just give me more details about that
please the list
 give me more details about thai barbecue
 start over
i would like to go out for dinner in some italian place
 around thirty dollars
walking distance
tell me more about caffe venezia
i like to go to a japanese restaurant for lunch
around fifteen dollars
fifteen minutes
 tell me more about joshu-ya
  i like to go to pizza place for lunch
three dollars
five minutes
i would like to take my mother out for dinner to an indian restaurant
i don't have much money to spend let's say no more than twenty dollars
i don't have a car so we are going to walk let's say no more than  secon- ten minutes oh
i would like to eat something tomorrow morning . somewhere in berkeley
 american breakfast
 no more than ten dollars
as close as possible
 at what time  does this restaurant open
so i would like  this time to go to an italian restaurant
 in the late evening
 fifty dollars
doesn't really matter
 well i don't care about the cost you could give me . more restaurants
okay  could you give me a list of  very expensive restaurants but i don't care about  which kind of food
  i would like  a list of very expensive restaurants in berkeley
 it doesn't matter  which kind of food
 doesn't matter when i like just to have a list of very expensive restaurants
 as far as you want
 just cut down the list to the most expensive restaurants
i would like to have some more information about fondue fred's . in telegraph avenue
w- which kind of food is the swiss food
 s- so  what's the price for an average meal in this restaurant
 could you please show me the list again
some more information about restaurant in solano avenue
could you go back to the list
 i like to see only  restaurants in shattuck avenue
i'd like to have  a list of restaurants in berkeley .  italian restaurants
what's the cheapest italian restaurant in berkeley 
i'd like to go to a restaurant .  . for  the dinner
just five minutes far from icksee  by walk
a restaurant where i can spend . six to twelve dollars
a restaurant that i can reach by car in five minutes 
i'd like to have more information about the restaurant caffe giovanni 
 i'd like to go to a chinese restaurant
i'd like to take a dinner
i'd like to go to the most expensive res-  chinese restaurant in berkeley 
it doesn't matter the distance from icksee 
it doesn't matter the cost of the restaurant
where can i have a vegetarian dinner
 what's a restaurant a chinese restaurant where i can have a  vegetarian dinner
what's the closest french restaurant to icksee
it doesn't matter the cost
what's the close day of metropole
give me information about la tour eiffel
what are the other  what are the other french restaurants in berkeley
it doesn't matter the distance from icksee
what about a-la-carte 
i dunno what's   
what about au-coquelet
what about au-coquelet
can you give me a list of portuguese restaurants
can you give me list of  japanese restaurants on telegraph
just for lunch
doesn't matter the cost
i would like to go on telegraph
i'd like to go to a ja- a japanese restaurant five minutes from icksee spending .   not-
we like to go to a chinese restaurant five minutes far from icksee for dinner spending not a lot of money
i'd like to go to a chinese restaurant five minutes from icksee  not spending a lot of money
for breakfast
i want to find a place where i can eat japanese food
i want to go out for dinner
say twenty dollars per head
say about  five mile radius
i don't care about the cost
could you tell me a little more about joshu-ya's
could you show me the list
tell me a little more about kirala
could you tell me a little more about *sushi-ko*
i want to find out about italian restaurants in the area
i want to find out about dinner
i don't care about the money
it should be in the neighborhood of berkeley
it should be in the neighborhood of berkeley
tell me a bit more about caffe venezia
i'd like to go to a fancy restaurant
i'd like french food
next thursday
dinner
i want to eat french food
i want to have dinner
it can be really expensive
as far away as we can get
i want to be far away from i__c__s__i
tell me about le bateau ivre
tell me about a-la-carte
show me the list again
let me see the list again
i want . the restaurant to be really close to i__c__s__i
i want to eat breakfast instead
start over
i want to eat breakfast at a really cheap place tomorrow
(thi)-s is for breakfast
what kinds of food do you know about
i want to eat american food
a moderate distance away
about . fifteen minutes
fif!teen minutes . away
i said . fif!teen minutes 
within half a mile from icks-(ee)
 tell me about sandwiches a-go-go
sandwiches a-go-go
show me the list please
 . i'd like to know more about the homemade cafe
start over
i wanna eat some really cheap chinese food right now
i want it to be lunch
about twenty minutes' walk
tell me about sun-hong-kong
sun-hong-kong
tell me about blue nile
start over
i want to go to a vegetarian restaurant
i want to eat next monday . i want to have dinner
dinner please
it doesn't really matter
 i want it to be close by here
i said . i want it to be close by 
close by
about five minutes' walk from i__c__s__i
tell me about plearn thai cuisine
let me see the list again
tell me about the pizza place
jupiter
start over
tell me about greek restaurants in berkeley
i want to eat dinner today
!dinner . and i don't care how much it costs
dinner
i want to eat dinner toni-(ght) 
i want !greek food . and i want to eat dinner
i don't care what meal
it doesn't matter
i don't care
doesn't matter
end of session
can you tell me  .  what good french restaurants there are in the area
i would like to spend about twenty dollars for dinner on a saturday night
what else can you tell me about the metropole
can you give me more information about la-tour-eiffel
can you return to the menu of all restaurants
can you return to the list 
can you give me more information on arinell's pizza
can you give me information on japanese food
can you tell me more about
start over
yeah my parents are coming into town and . they're paying so . i'd like to go to a really nice restaurant california cuisine for dinner
i want to eat california food . and  . it doesn't really matter where it is
 they'll be here two weeks from saturday so that would be good . and . anytime in the evening would be fine
i want california cuisine and i want it a week from saturday 
why don't you just tell me about cafe pastoral
start over
(i'd) like to go out for lunch today  cheap chinese food would be good no no make that thai 
i want cheap thai food and . i'm in a hurry so it should be close to icksee and it should be fast
(i) said i want cheap thai food
i want to eat today
i want to eat today . real soon
start over
yeah i'd like to go out this sunday for omelets and cappuccino . somewhere in north berkeley
-cappuccino for breakfast on sunday
 well what are omelets anyways .  i guess it could be french or california or just plain old american
start over
start over
(ye)-ah i want to take  my girlfriend out for sushi
 this would be next tuesday  say between . seven and eight o'clock at night . and . we'll be going from work so i don't want it too far from icksee
start over
start over
what place has the best croissants in berkeley
i want the best croissants
why don't we just go out for pizza instead
 my friends and i'll be getting together tonight . round six p__m
so it would be really good
start over
are there any restaurants in town that . serve middle eastern food
i . want to go out for dinner this friday . and  i've got a car so it doesn't really matter how far it is
-eat this friday
(ea)-t this friday
friday . dammit
oh we've somebody on an expense account so . money is no . no matter
we've got a car so . i don't care how far we have to go
(mat)-ter how far we have to go
 hello .  i would like to .  eat next saturday italian food
 i would like to eat on saturday
 i would like to have .  lunch
 i want to spend about . fifteen bucks
i want . to spend . fifteen dollars
i want to spend . fifteen dollars
i want to spend . twelve . dollars
i want to spend . twelve . bucks
i don't want to spend more than . twelve bucks
doesn't matter
it doesn't matter
expensive
 i would like to go .  on next wednesday
hello . i would like to . eat some . indian food
i would like to eat on . next tuesday
i would like to eat  . to have dinner
i would like to have . dinner
i would like to have dinner
 i want to have breakfast
(i)-t doesn't matter
-as possible
cheap
 . ten minutes
 i don't want to have breakfast i want to have dinner
i want to eat at 
i want to eat at eight o'clock in the evening
at eight o'clock . in the evening
i like to have dinner
 i like to have lunch
start . over
start . over
start . over
i like to eat mexican . food . this night
this night and  i like to spend . no . more than . forty . dollars
i like to eat  this night . and . not far from . seven . eight miles
not more than ten miles
from five to ten miles
can i have the list of foods of . viva taqueria
can i have . the list of food . of vi- viva taqueria
start over
i like to have .  dinner .  wednesday night .  of thai food
wednesday night
i don't want to spend more than . forty dollars
not more than . an hour
less than . one hour
less than one . !hour
not more than twenty miles
i like information about . berkeley thai house
i'd like to try something:  east asian
i'd like some chinese food
i want to eat today
i want . to eat . today
i want to eat lunch
oh i don't want to spend much
i don't have much money
i want . to spend . a lot . of money
i have no money
  i want to spend five dollars
some place within walking distance
i wanna know if sun-hong-kong has  let's see what do i want i want to know if they have oh saday beef chow-fun
well tell me if you  like oriental food to go
i'm willing to spend a lot of money
i'm willing to spend a lot of money
i'll pay up to twenty dollars
i'm willing to drive
i want to go somewhere within . driving distance
i have a car
i said i've got a car
i'm speaking clear english now right so . i say i've got a car . and so i'm willing to drive . so take me somewhere further than five minutes away from icksee
i wanna burrito
i want something cheap
i don't have a car
this place should be in walking distance
are the waitresses pretty at ay-caramba
tell me about the other one
au-coquelet
my friend here likes italian food
howbout thai food
i'm willing to pay ten dollars or so
tell me everything you know about thai barbecue
 nina thinks you're totally cool
i'm into chinese
start over
i'm looking for some place to take somebody picky
i wanna eat really good food . i don't care how much it costs
i want very high quality food . something really tasty
like to go some place expensive
hi . i'd like to get anything except italian food
okay . look . i wanna eat dinner . tonight . and i want to spend . thirty dollars . okay
like to spend . up to thirty dollars . and . i'm a vegetarian
how about something farther away
i want to drive there in a car
i don't care whether it's close or not
is there any place around here with entertainment
start over
start . over
i'd like to go some place with a bar
is there any place that has a full bar and . coffee
i just wanna get like drinks . and snacks . although my friend here wants a sandwich
i'd like sandwiches . and coffee
is there any place .  for dinner . that isn't closed on monday
i'd pay a lot
i'll spend any amount of money for good vietnamese food
i could go very far
start . over
i have to be on the road by eight a__m
-s please
i'd like . to get breakfast
i wanna eat today
can i go to just like a normal american restaurant . maybe a diner
i'd like to spend . i don't know under ten bucks something like that
i could spend . under ten bucks
okay i could spend under ten dollars
i'd be willing to shell out anything up to about  ten semolians  
so which one of these places is really good
howbout an american restaurant
start . over
i'd like to go for dinner . to kind of upscale yuppie california cuisine kind of place
i want a california cuisine restaurant please
i want dinner on friday night and . no reservations
i could take a date
i don't care
i don't care
i don't care about that either
so which is the cheapest
start . over
i'd like a very authentic mexican restaurant
i want like just an authentic mexican restaurant with burritos . and maybe no seats
is there a take out place
why won't it stop
so i just want to go some place quick for lunch get a sandwich bring it back to my desk
lunch today would be just fine
i'm on foot . so it better be close
 so howbout a cheap greek restaurant
(abou)-t that sleazy souvlaki place on shattuck that nobody ever goes into
 i wish to have some  fish and chips
i want to have fish and chips
fish and chips
american food
i wish to eat american food
i wish to eat american food
sunday
i wish to eat brunch
where can i  drink a coffee
where can i drink a coffee
where can i drink a coffee
where can i have a cup of coffee
go for . coffee
go for . cafe
i want to go . to a 
which one is the closest to icksee
which one is the closest to i__c__s__i
which one is the cheapest
i want to eat  some fruit
i wish to have . a plate of spaghetti
i want to have a plate of spaghetti
do you know where i can eat spaghetti
do you know where i can find  an italian restaurant
do you know  whe- 
i want to eat italian food
i want to eat italian food
i want to eat italian food
i want to eat . italian food
i want . to eat . it- !italian food
i want spend a lot of money
i want an expensive restaurant
i want . an expensive restaurant
where can i  eat . a taco
i want to have some tacos
where can i eat some tacos
i want to eat mexican food
i want an an expensive mexican restaurant
i want an inexpensive mexican restaurant
i want to eat a dinner
i want to eat a dinner
i want to eat a dinner
what about thai restaurants
i want  a restaurant which is not very close to:  i__c__s__i
i want a more expensive restaurant
where can i eat steak
is there any other: restaurant close to this one
where can i have breakfast
start . over
start . over
!start . !over
-t indian food
i'd like to eat . indian food
tomorrow
i'd like to have dinner
dinner please
around twenty bucks
around twenty dollars
i'd like to know something more about shilpa . please
i'd like to know more about shilpa . please
show me that list again . please
tell me m-
show me that list again please
show me the indian restaurant list again please
i'd like to have indian food please
tell me more about bombay cuisine please
(swit)-ch to chinese food now
what kind of food do they have at shin-shin
i'd like to know more about oriental food to go . am i screaming . oh no 
go back to the chinese restaurant list please
what's the most expensive one
tell me more about this place
go back to chinese restaurants please
tell me more about hong-kong east ocean . please
forget it
let's move to italian food now
aren't there any less expensive ones
tell me about less expensive italian restaurants please
list other italian restaurants please
what about cheap italian restaurants
tell me more about it
tell me more about it . oh well
where can i get a good american breakfast
start over
where can i get an american breakfast
american food . please
the day after tomorrow
want to eat breakfast
it has to be a cheap restaurant
very far away
as far as you want
not too: far
not . too far
give me more information about  cafe durant
thanks . go back to the original list
tell me more about . soup kitchen heike
start over 
hi .  what do you have about chinese restaurants
i'm interested in chinese food
howbout dinner
i'd like something on the cheap side
something very cheap please
i'm looking for something within walking distance
 can you tell me more about the  sun-hong-kong
good job . thank you very much
 can i start over please
i'm looking for a very fancy   fr-  french restaurant for dinner
on saturday
i don't care
 money doesn't matter
any amount is fine
within five minutes'  walking
how about the metropole
what about some  indian food in the same area
i'm interested in indian food
okay let's try something else .  do you have any austrian restaurants on file
 . i'd like a restaurant  near solano avenue
near solano please
-thing in north berkeley
can i start over please
start over please
i'd like to eat very cheap
any will be fine
any type of food
 very close to icksee
 tonight
okay  any cost now
 howbout something on the expensive side
and  what about thai f- restaurants anywhere in berkeley
all right . can you give me more information about the one you have there
okay i wanted more information about  siam cuisine
can you make a reservation for me
okay  can you help me with something: japanese: for: dinner
i'm looking for a japanese restaurant
 anywhere in berkeley . and  s- open on fridays
 something cheaper please
 what about japanese restaurants at any price
can you give me information about yoshi's
-screwed up right cause it's recording . although i've been silent for quite a while
talking about spanish restaurants
 start over please
spanish please
tell me about  skates on the bay
all right . thank you . start over
i would like to eat in berkeley
tell me more about the . cafe durant
where is the telegraph street
what is the cheapest restaurant in town
i would like to eat . pizza
i would like to eat . pizza
i would like to have . lunch
i would like to spend . at most . eight dollars
tell me more about blondie's pizza
i would like to go on thursday
where can i have seafood
where can i have . seafood
where can i have . breakfast
tell me more about university avenue
start over
which restaurant is within . four minutes from icksee
which restaurant . is within four minutes from i__c__s__i
start over
i wanna have dinner
i wanna know about chez-panisse
i wanna have dinner some place
i wanna have dinner
i don't really care what kind of food
i wanna go some place that's . mediumly expensive
i want the restaurant to be moderate or expensive
i want to eat on a sunday
let's try sunday
i want to spend about fifteen dollars
i will go anyplace
i don't want thai food
no thai food for me
change it to italian food
i'll go any place in berkeley
tell me about caffe giovanni
tell me about caffe venezia
tell me about venezia
tell me about some ethiopian places
change it to mexican food
let's hear about juan's 
tell me about juan's place
why don't you show me the list
okay  . i wanna be near campus
i wanna go on north side
what if i wanna go on sunday for lunch
i wanna have good pizza
what's kip's like
tell me about kip's
show me the list
tell me about jupiter
i want some place really expensive
i would like to spend at most twenty dollars
i would like to eat during the weekend
during the weekend
during the weekend
during the last days of the week
on saturday or sunday
-to twenty minutes by car
what about la tour eiffel
i would like to read the list again
please show me the list
i would like to eat mexican food
what about taqueria de berkeley
please show me the list
please show me the list
i would like some information about fourth street grill
the list . please
i would like a place within five minutes from i__c__s__i
what about arinell
i would like to eat breakfast
i would like  breakfast
breakfast
breakfast
breakfast
i would like to have lunch
i would like a place within ten minutes from i__c__s__i
i would like some information about cafe milano
what about cafe milano
what about ristorante venezia
i would like french food
what about metropole
i would like to spend no more than fifteen dollars
no more than fifteen dollars
i'm looking for a nice cheap place on north side .  chinese or could be like  persian food
looking for a place tonight
tonight
i could walk a bit  ten minutes
what sort of things do they have at oriental food to go
show me the list again
let's start over
i want a real nice restaurant . with good food .  could be pretty far away . say thirty minutes' walk . from here
i want a place for lunch today
american food . californian food
i'm looking for lunch today
today
i would like to eat lunch
it doesn't matter i have a car
it doesn't matter .  i have a car
it doesn't matter . i don't care how far
do you have chez-panisse in your database
what about chez-panisse cafe
go back to the list
how about something a little cheaper
i'm looking for something not as expensive
what about . a  medium range . expensive restaurant
i want something with two dollar signs
i don't want to pay more than fifteen dollars
let's start over again
i'm looking for a thai restaurant that's real close
i want to go . out right now for lunch
real cheap like three to four dollars
it should be very close
okay . howbout something . about ten minutes from icksee
okay it can be quite far from icksee
thursday lunch please
i can spend up to ten dollars
how about plearn
start over
start over
i'm interested in . an italian restaurant
i'm looking for an italian restaurant
tonight . thursday
   . okay
i want to eat dinner . thursday
a moderately priced meal
i'm looking for a fairly cheap italian restaurant
i'm looking for a fairly cheap italian restaurant
i'm looking for an italian restaurant
anywhere in berkeley is good
i'm looking for something . more than five minutes from berkeley
anywhere in berkeley . for dinner thursday . is good
dinner thursday . anywhere
a moderately priced meal
anywhere in driving distance
is there an italian restaurant under fifteen dollars
what about under fifteen dollars
are there any late night places
what about . a late night . dinner . it's gonna confuse it huh
after ten o'clock at night
a vegetarian meal
tell me about . cambodiana's
anything after . nine o'clock
after . nine p__m
any type of food is good
any type of food is good
any type of food is good
tell me about cha-am
tell me about cha-am
tell me about cha:-am
tell me about plearn's
tell me about italian restaurants
where can i go for salads . is it gonna understand that . 
caffe giovanni
between fifteen and twenty dollars
more than fifteen dollars
any type of food
any kind of food
start over
over fifteen dollars
more than fifteen dollars
an expensive restaurant
an . expensive restaurant . on saturday
saturday . for dinner
start over
dinner . saturday
i want to eat . dinner . saturday
any . expensive restaurant
anywhere in berkeley
doesn't matter
dinner 
more than twenty dollars
very expensive
twenty dollars
twenty to thirty dollars
ultra expensive
ultra . expensive
more than twenty dollars
very . expensive
a fancy restaurant
tell me about . fondue fred's
tell me about fondue fred's
show me the list again
tell me about the coffee source 
inexpensive cafes
-p cafe
a cheap . cafe
inexpensive
for breakfast
tell me about the westside bakery
tell me about maxim cafe
tell me about maxim cafe
maxim's
maxim's
tell me about maxim's
tell me about maxim's
tell me about maxim cafe
tell me about cafe milano
okay i wanna go out and eat . chinese
well on next saturday evening
pardon me i didn't understand
-thought i was saying-
i'd like to eat chinese food . on next saturday evening
i want to go out for dinner
that doesn't really matter
this restaurant is too expensive for me could you . give me a cheaper one
you didn't really understand me i want a cheaper restaurant
okay . okay . let's try again . i want to go to an italian restaurant which is very expensive
(y)-ou give me just . one italian restaurant
i want to go to an expensive italian restaurant
is this restaurant also open on monday evening
i wanted to know if this restaurant is also open on monday evening
okay let's try again . what about african food
i'd like information about african restaurants
are there cheap african restaurants
are there any african restaurants
okay . let's try something easier . are there mexican restaurants in berkeley
could you give me the menu of ay-caramba
(whi)-ch of these restaurants are open on saturday evening
you completely  -understood me . i wanted to know whether there is any . mexican restaurant open on saturday evening
okay start over
could you start over please
start over
i'd like to go out for steak and salad
i'd didn't want to go to skates . i want to go for !steak and salad
is there a sizzler in berkeley
i didn't want a plearn's . i want a sizzler's
okay . start over
start over please
start over please
(for)-get it i wanna eat hamburgers
i'd like to eat today . for lunch
not very much . if it's possible
not much . if there is a cheap place
i want to go to a cheap restaurant
at most five minutes
i'm willing to travel further
is there anything less than ten minutes away
i don't care about the distance
(go)-t me completely wrong i don't care about the distance
the distance doesn't matter to me
okay give me any restaurant with american food please
any american restaurant would be okay
i want american food
give me more . information about the au-coquelet
the au-coquelet
that isn't the one i wanted i want the au-coquelet
okay this isn't the one i was looking for give me a mcdonald's
is elmwood pharmacy really a restaurant
i want information about elmwood pharmacy
okay . well done . start over
could you list thai restaurants for me
thursday
i would like to have dinner
i would like to have dinner
i'd like to spend thirty dollars
i'm willing to travel ten minutes by car
could you give me additional  information on nakapan restaurant
i would like additional information on nakapan restaurant
 please give me additional information on nakapan
nakapan
start over
i would like to have dinner
i would like to eat french food
i would like to have french food
friday
i would like to eat on friday evening
i'm willing to spend two hundred dollars
i'm willing to travel three hundred kilometers
i'm willing to travel a hundred kilometers
as far as possible
ten miles
i would like to spend ninety dollars
i would like to spend a hundred dollars
i would like to spend a hundred dollars
-doing th- i would like an expensive restaurant
i would like additional information on metropole
you are stupid
i would like a list of greek restaurants
start over
i would like greek food
i would a very cheap restaurant
i would like to have lunch
i would like to have peruvian food
could you list japanese restaurants
expensive ones
please list all . places that serve sushi
start over
please list ethiopian restaurants
i'd like to eat on saturday
i would like to eat breakfast
no more than three dollars
i'm willing to walk for fifteen minutes
okay make it lunch
make it an expensive restaurant
how about a moderate restaurant
try a moderately expensive restaurant
try half and hour from icksee
i would like to have dinner on tuesday . an an expensive chinese restaurant . twenty minutes from icksee
chinese
tuesday
dinner
i said dinner
 i would like a burrito
today . oh i would like to eat today
dinner
(i')-d like to spend six dollars
i would like to go less than two miles
please tell me about viva taqueria
viva taqueria
please start over
i would like to try some italian food
i would like to eat tomorrow
i would like to eat lunch
i would like to spend less than: ten dollars
ten miles
i would like to try some italian food . it-
caffe giovanni
caffe giovanni
i would like to try some greasy american food 
greek food
i would like to eat dinner
oh okay hello . i would like to find out about some restaurants here
i really would appreciate some burgers
i would like to have some american food
today
i have to see the menu first
it's actually for dinner
 . correction i would like to have some american food not thai food
i want to spend less than . twenty dollars per person
i want to go to the closest restaurant to i__c__s__i
i want to travel less than one mile
 . is there a menu available for this restaurant
what about the restaurant au-coquelet
is that restaurant also open on sundays
oh sorry . i wanted to know still about the restaurant au-coquelet
could you tell me how to go there
 i want to go to the au-coquelet
what about some mexican food
can i have more information on the cafe durant
can i have more information on the durant cafe
can i have more information about the cafe durant
how slow is slow service
what would be your first choice
please give me some more information on the caffe giovanni
tell me some french restaurants in berkeley
monday
dinner
tell me some french restaurants in berkeley
monday
monday
dinner
not more than fifty dollars
(sai)-d fifty dollars not fifteen
howbout restaurants in oakland as well
i said restaurants in oakland not american in twelve
show me the ones in oakland
okay let's try san__francisco
what kind of food does the elmwood pharmacy serve
what time does it stop serving on mondays
show me the restaurants on russell street
tell me all the restaurants on russell street
is there anywhere i can get a glass of water
where can i get a glass of water
where would i take . a very very very fancy date
what's the most expensive restaurant in berkeley
okay howbout the cheapest
are there any cuban chinese restaurants
today is friday . tell me where to eat .
i'm happy to eat french tonight
how expensive is chez-panisse
i thought chez-panisse was open for lunch too
do you know anything about zachary's pizza
is zachary's pizza in berkeley
best pizza in berkeley
what's the best pizza in berkeley
it's a bit of an overstatement to say that blondie's is the best place in berkeley
tell me about peruvian food at any price
last time i went to bateau ivre i threw up
last time i went to bateau ivre i threw up
any chance of that glass of water
water water everywhere and not a drop to drink
water . water . everywhere and not a drop to drink
which restaurants serve wine
-es cafe is out of business
how come zachary's is fifty five minutes from icksee . and christopher's cafe is thirty minutes from icksee
how come you're so fond of la tour eiffel
do you have any peruvian food
i'm interested in having some italian food
i'd like to eat today . dinner
i'd like to eat on saturday
give me some italian restaurants
are there any italian restaurants in berkeley
where can i get a pizza
i don't want to spend more than fifteen dollars
i want to eat today
i'd like to have a cheeseburger
how about . italian food
pasta
spaghetti
not more than ten minutes by foot
i would like to have dinner tomorrow
the dinner may be very expensive
could you give me a place which serves german food
the place should be very cheap
how about some greek food
the place may be far from icksee
okay now i'm interested in having some mexican food
i'd like to have dinner at manuel's
give me a place for having breakfast
give me a place for having breakfast
could you give me a place for . american food
i'd like to have breakfast before seven o'clock in the morning
tell me about the maxim cafe
how about brick hut
how about some african food
expensive
dinner
the place may be in any distance from icksee
how about some indian food
indian . food
how about some sushi
japanese
it may be near icksee
not far from icksee
near . icksee
japanese
in walking distance from icksee
for less than ten dollars
i'd like to have lunch today
japanese
lunch
so it says recording . but i was quiet . and so it's not recording
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian dishes
and it should be close to campus
start over
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant
monday . afternoon . should be a full sentence 
start over
seven miles
it should cost less than seven dollars
it should cost less than seven dollars
are there any that don't use m__s__g
could i see the previous list please
do they have vegetarian dishes
are they close to bart
-public transportation
public parking
i'd like to see the previous list
what kind of mexican restaurants are there in berkeley
 i'd like a restaurant that's less than half an hour from i__c__s__i
hello
i'd like to eat chinese food
 tuesday
i'd like to eat on tuesday
i'd like to go for dinner
less than twelve dollars
it doesn't have to be that close to i__c__s__i
it should be . less than half an hour from icksee
i'd like the previous list please
i'd like to go for chinese food
i'd like to go to some place that's less than half an hour from icksee
-nt should be less than thirty minutes from icksee
the distance doesn't matter
it could be any day
it should be chinese food
it could be any day of the week
it should be tuesday or wednesday
it could be any evening
it could be any night of the week
it should be any night except tuesday
it should be any . night . but tuesday
-public parking
should be less than twelve dollars
do any of them have a senior's menu
do they have vegetarian dishes
do they serve vegetarian
start over
chez-panisse
are they open on sunday
previous screen please
chez-panisse
is that upstairs or downstairs
can i see the previous list
mcdonald's please
spenger's
do they have music
it should be under twelve dollars
the cost should be under twelve dollars
it should cost . under twelve dollars
start over
i'd like an italian restaurant
i'd like to eat on tuesday
-f doesn't matter
could be far away
are they open on monday
is there owner italian
thank you
goodbye
finished
quit
i'm interested in an italian restaurant
any day
any day
cost doesn't matter
moderately priced 
i-  i'd like it to be moderately priced
the cost doesn't matter
 under twenty dollars
i'd like it to cost about fifty dollars per person
does plearn use m__s__g
does sun-hong-kong serve lunch
does sun-hong-kong serve lunch
what do you  have as italian restaurants
is cafe vin open sundays
start over
start . over
i'd like a french restaurant
it could be any distance from here
it could be any day . of the week
it could be any day
i'd like a french restaurant
i'd like to go there on monday
i'd like to go there on tuesday
bateau ivre
start over
new query
is there a restaurant in the rockridge area
which ones are open on thursday
i'd like to know about brit-marie's
start . over
brit-marie's
bateau ivre
i'd like to eat thai food
it could be any day
thursday
it should be lunch
cost doesn't matter
less than twenty dollars
howbout . thai food
could be more than ten minutes from icksee
it could be anywhere
i'd like to go for thursday dinner
it should be less than fifty dollars per person
what can you tell me about nakapan
let's start over
do you have american food in downtown berkeley
it should be american food
let's start over
do you have skates restaurant
let's start over
do you have spats restaurant
do you have african food
any day
wednesday
less than fifty dollars
the cost should be fifteen dollars
any distance
up to ten miles
the blue nile
do you have restaurant boran
i'd like to know about cafe bistro
cafe bistro
let's start over
i'd like some japanese food
on friday
dinner
the . cost doesn't matter
less than two hundred minutes . from icksee
eight miles
the distance should be less than five miles
let's start over
i'd like some mexican food
i'd like some mexican food
every day
dinner
i'd like to eat dinner
less than thirty dollars
should be near the freeway
i'm looking for a restaurant near the freeway
do you know juan's restaurant
what do you know about taqueria cancun
do you have american food in downtown berkeley
let's start over
i'd like a restaurant that's open late at night
it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter
it could be any meal
do you have hungarian food
the day doesn't matter
it could be any meal
could be any meal
it could be breakfast lunch or dinner
cost doesn't matter
it could be any price
up to ten miles
what do you know about soul brother's kitchen
what do you know about le bateau ivre
le bateau ivre
let's start over
which of these are on telegraph avenue
let's start over
i'm looking for a restaurant on telegraph avenue
doesn't matter
doesn't matter
any day
monday through friday
late night
should be inexpensive
it should be chinese food
less than twelve dollars
any distance
distance doesn't matter
which of these are late night
which of these are open late at night
how late do they serve
i'd like a late night restaurant
i'd like to see the previous list please
-previous list please
what do you know about siam cuisine
i'd like some chinese food
find some chinese food . you know it's funny it had chinese . but it . i'm noticing- i've seen a couple mismatches like that
could be any distance
like to see one that's open late at night
what do you have for thursday
which of these are open late nights
 hang up
where can i go for a coffee
i want to drink a coffee now
i want a drink today
i don't want french
i want somewhere very cheap
i want something as close as possible
-want to travel less than half a mile from i__c__s__i
is gertie's good
i want the distance to be less than ten minutes
start over
start over
 i would like to go somewhere formal
i want to go on saturday
i would like spanish food
somewhere with good italian food
i could travel anywhere in berkeley
maybe i would like an expensive italian meal
i have decided to go out saturday evening
is the restaurant open for lunch
please give me more information
i want to know more about the restaurant
give me additional information about ristorante venezia
start over
start over
please would you start over
i would like some indian food
i would like to eat now
i would like to eat on monday
i would like to eat breakfast
i would like a hamburger for breakfast
where is mcdonald's
start over
what if i wanted a hamburger instead
where is mcdonald's
i want to eat there every day
-still prefer mcdonald's . or burger king
i want to eat there today
i want to go somewhere very expensive
i want to go somewhere a long way from i__c__s__i
two miles
i would prefer mexican food
really cheap mexican fy- food
hello  i would like to have  lunch today
something reasonably fast  i need to be back to the lab soon
how about something close to shattuck and university
i think i'm in the mood for some thai food
money is no object  anything under twenty dollars
i have my bicycle here  so . i guess it would be best  for about . five blocks
-you tell me more about nakapan
start over
i want some pizza
 i'm kind of hungry now so howbout today
ten dollars
anywhere in berkeley
show me la-val's
how about the la-val's on euclid
is there a mcdonald's around here
no i want to go to mcdonald's . where is it
can you recommend a good cafe
i want some coffee
 international house cafe please
let's try again . international house cafe please
show me international house cafe
start over
start over
start over
start . over
start over
i want to get a deli sandwich
i said i wanted  a deli and  i haven't specified the cost yet
i want a sandwich
i said i wanted a sandwich like at subway
delicatessen
i just want a sandwich
where can i have lunch . after two o'clock
i would like to have chinese food . and very close to i__c__s__i
i would like to have chinese food
it would be on a monday afternoon
the lunch should not be more expensive than twenty dollar
what are the opening hours of sushi-ko
the list again
do you have the menu of cafe pastoral
please show me the list again
please show me the list again
start over . no
i would like to have chinese food
it shouldn't be too expensive for m-
the lunch should not be too expensive
-food should be rather cheap
the meal should be in a medium price range
i would like to have inexpensive chinese food
-should be chinese . and not too expensive
i don't want to spend more than ten dollar for my lunch
i would like to spend between five and ten dollar for my lunch
i would like to have lunch
please show me the menu of hong-kong villa
please show me the menu of hong-kong villa
what information do you have about hong-kong villa
-i would like . indian food
i would like to have indian food
show me some information about indian restaurants
what do you have about shilpa restaurant
what do you have about the restaurant at allston way
i still would like to have indian food
i would like to have indian food
i'm looking for indian food
i would like to eat in an indian restaurant
i would like to go to an indian restaurant
what information do you have about pasand
can you tell me some other indian restaurants
do you also have some sandwich places
can you give me some more information about la tour eiffel
please give me more information about la tour eiffel
please show me more information about the restaurant . la tour eiffel
please show me more information about la tour eiffel
what do you have about la tour eiffel
what do you have about la tour
show me information about eiffel
i would like to have french lunch
can you give me more *informa-* information about the first restaurant
what information do you have about sandwich places
i would like to have a sandwich for my lunch
i'd like to find a . french restaurant in berkeley
tell me about la tour eiffel
start over
start over
start over
start over
what are the persian restaurants in berkeley
i wanna have dinner on friday
dinner
i don't care how much i spend 
a hundred dollars
a thousand dollars
i wanna spend twenty dollars
twenty . dollars
start over
start . over
start over
start over
i'm looking for a persian restaurant in kensington
tomorrow
i want chinese food for breakfast
lunch
a hundred dollars
an hour
ten minutes
how about yangtze river
i want thai food
twenty dollars
any distance
i want dinner . anywhere
tell me about all kinds of food
any type of food
any kind of food
start over
start over
start . over
start over
 . start over
i want to have cambodian food
cambodian
today
i want to have dinner
ten dollars
it doesn't matter
nakapan
i want to see the list
start over
 start over
i want cambodian food
cambodiana's
let's start over
i want american food
i want to eat now
i want to eat today
i want to eat now
dinner
i want to spend five dollars
i don't care
mel's diner
go back to the list
top dog
show me the list
tell me about edy's
back to the list
maxim cafe
tell me about maxim cafe
show me . maxim cafe
 oh i'm looking for italian food
 i'm looking for italian food
 which ones serve the most
how much does  cafe vin cost
 you mean there's really a restaurant called elmwood pharmacy
let's go back to italian food
give me the greasiest hamburger joint you can find 
i'd like to eat some hamburgers
huh
dinner . i'd like to eat dinner . on tuesday
i'd like to spend as little money as possible 
i would like to eat a hamburger
about four dollars
i'd like to eat american food
 . i'm willing to walk a mile
one mile 
what is the maxim cafe
tell me about the maxim cafe
maxim
how about the hot-  . never mind
tell me about the top dog
i'm looking for italian food
anywhere in berkeley is okay
tell me about the vin
tell me about the first one
cafe vin
what restaurants are on telegraph
are there any restaurants on telegraph
how about lunch
food . food . food
any cost is okay
i want expensive italian food
tell me about the ristorante venezia
okay . any cost
italian
any cost is okay
 any cost
the cost doesn't really matter to me
i'd like to eat for less than a million dollars
tell me about the blue nile
i saw an andean place somewhere
how about indian food
how about less than one hundred dollars
howbout cheap food
what about *sujatha's*
are there any persian places . there is one . i went there for belly dancing once . i don't remember what it's named . ooh
any between . five and ten dollars
 tell me about bongo burger
do you have anything about the indian pavilion
mary said she went to the indian pavilion and got very sick afterwards . confirmation
indian pavilion
where's shilpa's
how about the maharani
what other indian places are there
pasand looks interesting
pasand's madras cuisine
do you know anything about lilly's
no no no lilly's chinese food
i hear that lilly's is the best chinese food this side of the mississippi
i hear that lilly's food is the best chinese food this side of the mississippi
i hear that lilly's is the best chinese food this side of the mississippi
what about rich potsticker
 all chinese restaurants again
i'd like some mediterranean food
i'd like some . mediterranean food
not more than a couple of miles
the cost is not important
cost is not important
i can spend any amount of dollars
how can i get there
where is lalime's restaurant
how can i get to lalime's restaurant
i'd like to know how to get to lalime's . on gilman street
how can i get . to lalime's restaurant . on gilman street
lalime's
what is the best way to go to gilman and peralta
start over
start over
let's start over
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant
end of the week
thursday . or the weekend
dinner
less than twenty dollars
at most ten minutes
howbout the great wall restaurant
do you know the great wall restaurant
great wall restaurant
i'd like to go on thursday . or friday . or saturday
i'd like to go on thursday . or friday
i'd like to go on friday
 please recommend .  some desserts in the restaurant . metropole
show me please german restaurants . near to the i__c__s__i  in . five minutes
please show me german restaurants . near to the   i__c__s__i . 
start over
let's start over
recommend german restaurants
i would like to eat german food
please show german restaurants
today
today
ten dollars
ten minutes
show me more about jupiter's
show me german restaurants
!german
today
dinner
i would like to eat dinner
between six to twelve dollars
between six to . twelve dollars
i would like to spend between six to twelve dollars
i will travel for ten minutes
show me german restaurants
german restaurants
show me !german restaurants
!german food please
show me other italian restaurants within twenty minutes from the i__c__s__i
i'm interested in having dinner on friday
change the cost to twenty dollars
show me more about ristorante venezia
show the list of the restaurants please
list of restaurants please
give me more information about caffe giovanni
show italian restaurants
please show italian foods
show me caffe giovanni
show caffe giovanni
 i want to find out about taiwan restaurant
 let's find out more about some italian restaurants
 do you have any information about any italian restaurant
i'm looking for . italian restaurant
how about saturday
i insist on a saturday 
i would prefer to eat on a saturday
in that case i eat on a sunday
 i like to have dinner
preferably less than ten dollars
 i want to stay within five blocks of i__c__s__i
let's stay within six blocks of i__c__s__i
i want to stay within five blocks
i'd like to eat on a weekend now
i changed my mind to a- to an ethiopian restaurant instead
i insist on an ethiopian restaurant
i like to find out about  restaurants
let's start over
let's start over
let's start over
i want to eat sushi now
i want to eat sushi
how about monday
i want to have breakfast
make that lunch instead
no more than five dollars
i don't care
i don't care
it doesn't matter
any distance is fine
less than one hour away
let's look for some cambodian restaurant instead
less than twenty five minutes' walk
do you know of any good cambodian restaurants
let's start over
give me kentucky fried chicken instead
i guess i'm willing to travel . for less than five minutes' walk
how about any japanese restaurants
i'm willing to pay less than . fifteen dollars
i said less than fifteen dollars
i want to eat dinner
so .  please tell me the best vegetarian restaurant in berkeley
i like to eat vegetarian food
i like to eat this evening
i'm willing to spend for dinner . between  eight and fifteen dollars
which of these restaurants are chinese
can you print out the actual list of restaurants
can you please give me the list of restaurants that . serve vegetarian foods . but a- but are !not chinese cuisine
let's start over again
let's start over
please give me a place where i can eat excellent salad plates
i want to eat only salad
i want to eat indian food
i like to eat next saturday
well  . i'd like to find a restaurant that serves vegetarian food
well  . i'd like to  find a restaurant that does not serve meat . that does not serve fish . that serves only vegetarian foods . 
the type of food i want is . vegetarian . 
i'd like to: eat . at this restaurant . on wednesday
i'd like to eat on wednesday
i would like to eat a vegetarian meal
i would like to eat . a vegetarian . meal
i'd like to eat dinner
i'd like to eat dinner . at the restaurant
maximally . two mile
i'd like . a vegetarian . choice
change that to . !vegetarian . please . 
i'd like you to find . a vegetarian .  restaurant for me to eat at
i'd like . a vegetarian . restaurant
i'd like to find an inexpensive restaurant
i'd like to know the type of food . that . vietnam village . restaurant serves
how about long life vegi house
can you tell me something . about vegi food restaurant
thank you very much you've been really helpful
let's start over
i think i wanna have pizza tonight
!no . i want pizza
i wanna eat today
lunch i think
i said that i want to eat pizza for lunch
that's pizza . !pizza . do you understand me . i want pizza
you just don't want me to have pizza . do you
i'd like . to eat at a restaurant that serves kosher food
how about . yogurt
i think i want . to eat ice cream
as little as possible
not much
no . i want a cheap ice cream place
half a mile
hello . i'd like some thai food
i'd like to eat tonight
(th)-is is a cheap meal
i want to go on foot
i don't want to go very far from i__c__s__i because i'm walking
just a short walk from i__c__s__i . about half a mile
about half a mile
about half a mile
i would like . a restaurant . that is one mile . from i__c__s__i
i want a restaurant very close to i__c__s__i
i want a restaurant for lunch
i want thai food
i am willing to spend ten dollars
tell me more about nakapan
thank you
please show me the restaurants again
i want an expensive restaurant
at the weekend . i want to eat ethiopian food
i want to go to a restaurant at the weekend
on saturday . i want to eat ethiopian food
good morning
 bacon and eggs
regular american breakfast
the day after tomorrow
not very much money
lots of money . 
i don't mind how far it is . any distance
i guess . i am willing to spend
let's try a cheaper restaurant
i want some more information about au-coquelet . and about . maxim cafe
actually i want breakfast
actually i want american food
american food please
tell me more about au-coquelet . and: about .  the homemade cafe
what about . the homemade cafe
okay tell me about . that ethiopian restaurant on telegraph
dinner
i want dinner please
let's try dinner
i'm: willing to pay . any amount of money
tell me about the ethiopian restaurant on telegraph
tell me about plearn's restaurant
i want a cheap sandwich restaurant . very close to i__c__s__i
i want to eat sandwiches for lunch
i would like to eat . any kind of sandwiches . for lunch
tell me about panini
i . want . californian sandwiches for lunch

i would like . any food . that is not chinese
this is actually for sunday
i don't have much money to spend
i have very little money to spend
i do not have much money . it got that
actually i want a cheap restaurant
tell me about restaurants that are very far from i__c__s__i
hi i'd like to have salad for lunch
i want to eat salad
how about vegetarian food
this weekend i'd like to .  eat some place  cheap . under six or seven dollars
i'd like to eat on the weekend . somewhere near here
saturday
somewhere within a . twenty minute drive from here
within a twenty five minute drive from here
let's start over
let's start over
are there any cajun restaurants in the bay area
i want cajun or caribbean food
start over
tell me about the gingerbread house
start over
please tell me about lalime's
i'd like to know of an expenshive- expensive french restaurant . i can eat at on the weekend
either saturday or sunday
saturday
any day of the week is fine
any day is !fine  dammit 
i want an expensive dinner
are there any indonesian places in berkeley
-like indonesian food
indonesian
how about  malaysian food then
malaysian food
how about burmese food then
tell me about thai restaurants
to eat today
dinner would be best 
 it shouldn't be too expensive
(should)-n't be too expensive
no . i want an inexpensive thai restaurant
no . !inexpensive
cheap cheap cheap
let's start over
tell me about a cheap cuban restaurant . near to here
i'd like food that's cheap and cuban
i want a cheap cuban restaurant
cuban food
show me information about zachary's pizza
are there any expensive . mexican restaurants
today
i'd like to eat today . now
anywhere . up to an hour away
one hour
one . hour
i would like to have  . californian best californian restaurant around here
i'm not concerned about a date but  i . i would like to have a good place like quiet place . and good meal . around thirty dollars
 i'm looking for . a restaurant . what- which costs about thirty dollars
i'm looking for the restaurant
 i am find- i am looking for the restaurant . which is about thirty minutes from here
i would like to have a californian restaurant
i would like to have dinner there
friday or a weekend night
can i have  more information for cafe pastoral
let's start over
let's start over
start over
let's start over
start over
i would like to have a japanese food
i'm not concerning about pay
i'm looking for the restaurant . which costs about twenty to thirty dollars
i would like to have  italian food . and dinner
i would like to have  italian food
i would like to have a lunch
i'm looking for the restaurant . from here . about thirty minutes
i will spend ten dollars . for lunch
about ten dollars or less than ten dollars
week day
i would like to have lunch on week day
monday through friday
i would like to have  additional information of caffe giovanni
i would like to have italian lunch
do you have some italian restaurant information
i would like to have a italian restaurant
so can i ask about fat apple's
i would like to ask you about fat apple
do you know about fat apple
where do you recommend to have lunch
any kind of food is fine for me
(a)-bout cafe milano
how about fat apple's
chez-panisse
do you know about chez-panisse cafe
i would like to have  good japanese food
i like to have a japanese go- good restaurant
can i ask about japanese restaurant
-they have dinner there
i would like to have dinner
let's start over
start over
start over
start over
i would like to have a japanese dinner
i would like to have dinner there
i would like to have a japanese food
i will pay .  twenty or *thir-* thirty dollars . for that
can i have dinner there
i'm interested in some . korean restaurant
i'm specifically interested in korean food
okay i go for chinese
i would like to take  lunch
i don't want to spend  lot of money
i don't want to spend a lot of money and i'm interested  in some restaurant in downtown
i don't want to spend a lot of money
and i'm interested   in some . french restaurant
i wanna eat cheap food
i'm looking for a restaurant near i__c__s__i
just two blocks
 are the waiters really polite there
is it true that the berkel-berkel is really terrible
also do you have some  restaurant which serves california food
okay  now i'm interested in italian food . let's see 
okay  now i'm interested in russian food which is . expensive
 now is this russian restaurant is there some russian {r-(estaurant)} oh is it open tomorrow . some russian restaurant
 do they serve  lunch on friday
 can you look for restaurants which is more expensive
okay now: i'm interested in thai food
you really don't have any thai restaurant
let's start over again
i'm interested in some .  french restaurant . near i__c__s__i
 do you have some cheap food
okay  can you list me all the french restaurants near  i__c__s__i
i just want to walk  less than ten minutes to the restaurant
now i'm interested in some middle eastern food
okay then i don't mind walking more than twenty minutes
 . do they serve lunch instead
 do they also serve breakfast
let's start over again
let's start over
i want to eat today
i want to eat dinner
i want to eat dinner
i want to have a dinner
up to twenty dollars
about fifteen minutes' walk
can you give me additional information about the metropole
please show me the list again
show me something about le bateau ivre
please show me information about breakfast
at what time does la tour eiffel open
what is the opening time of la tour eiffel
let's start over
let's start over
tell me about californian restaurants
on a monday
like to eat breakfast
seven dollars
that's unimportant
tell me about restaurants twenty minutes away from i__c__s__i
tell me about chinese restaurants
give me more expensive restaurants . up to twenty dollars
i want to spend more . up to twenty dollars
i want to have lunch
tell me about the long life vegi house
the long life vegi house is what i'm interested in
give me californian restaurants
tell me about the cafe pastoral
let's start over
let's start over
give me cheap restaurants
i wanna eat mondays
it doesn't matter how far it is away
i want to have cambodian food
german food
the cost doesn't matter
the cost is unimportant
i want to spend up to forty dollars
i want to eat dinner
what about british food
i'd like to eat health food
i'd like to travel less than ten minutes
-spend less than ten minutes traveling
show me information about *taqueria* cancun
cancun
let's start over
let's start over
my mother is coming to visit and i'd like to take her to dinner
she doesn't like mexican
we'd like to eat on saturday night
it doesn't matter about the price
i'd like to spend . up to forty dollars
show me information on the french restaurants
 up to . maybe   . fifteen minutes
 show me information on le bateau ivre
let's start over
i'd like to eat some thai food
 i'd like to eat on saturday
can you show me thai restaurants cheaper than fifteen dollars
i'd like to have a thai dinner
are there any such thai restaurants within about half an hour's walk
do you know anywhere where i could get some good chopped liver
i'd like to walk less than twenty minutes
tell me more about cafe durant
let's start over
i'd like to try some cuban food
 i'd like to eat on friday night . and: i'd like to spend less than twenty dollars
show me all the cuban restaurants
 i'd like to eat on wednesday please
 dinner
i only want to walk maybe fifteen or twenty minutes
 i'd only like to eat italian
no .  i only wanted italian
let's start over
are there any good vietnamese restaurants around here
i'd like to eat vietnamese
 i'd like to eat on monday
 i'd like to have lunch and spend less than .  fifteen dollars
 let's start over
are there any good greek restaurants
i'd like to eat greek
!greek
it's okay i'll try  . cuban instead
is there any place less than . twenty minutes  walk from here
can you show me the cuban restaurants
let's start over
let's start over
i would like to have some persian food
 friday
dinner
dinner
less than five dollars
hell no more than ten minutes
do you have any information about caffe nefeli
do they have any vegetarian food at cafe vin
i'd like to have lunch
no more than ten dollars
within walking distance
at what time does panini open
i'd like some information about the restaurant shilpa
what kind of food does shilpa serve
let me see the list again
i'd like to know which restaurants serve pizza
louder . i'd like to eat some pizza
is jupiter open on weekends
what's that
i'd like to know about restaurants that serve brunch on . saturday and sunday
-to eat some french food
how expensive is la tour eiffel
do you list any restaurants outside of berkeley
i'd like to eat some indian food
i said . i would like to eat some indian food
i would like to eat some indian food
i'd like to know about a cheap indian restaurant
is pasand open on: weekends
let's go back to indian . food
is pasand open on weekends
i'd like to eat some italian food
do they serve pizza at that restaurant
i'd like to know about more expensive italian restaurants
i'd like to eat during the week
i would like to eat on monday for lunch
i'd like to have dinner
what about restaurants open on friday
any cheap restaurant
i plan to have some chinese food . on the- on saturday . with some friends
i would like to have the cheapest food . or the medium price range
i would like to have some medium range price food
i would like to have a restaurant  nearest campus
i need a restaurant within one minute drive from campus
i want to have a restaurant . near:  . the berkeley bart station
i need to have a restaurant . within five minutes from *i__c__s__i* 
i wanted a chinese restaurant
how about oh  i ha- i plan to have dinner on sundays
 i would like to have some
i need to have some  normal restaurants
i wanna have some cheapest restaurants
i want to have chinese food
let's start over
i want to know something about the great china restaurant
 chinese food
i want to eat at the great china restaurant
the great china restaurant
i would like to have some information about the yen-ching restaurant
i want to go to the yen-ching restaurant
i want to know something about the yangtze river restaurant
i want to know something about the taiwan restaurant
i want to go to the great china restaurant
i want to have some cheapest . breakfast
i'm planning to eat on saturday
i want to have some chinese breakfast on saturday
i want to eat on saturday . at- anywhere near i__c__s__i
i want to eat on saturday
 i wanna have a restaurant within five minutes from i__c__s__i
i want to have some chinese breakfast
i would like to have italian . food
let's try again . i would like to have . european cuisine
on friday night
under a hundred and fifty dollars
within walking distance of bart
do i need reservations at the metropole
metropole . do i need a reservation
i have another query . do you have any italian restaurants
italian food
which one is closest to i__c__s__i
which one is open later
do you have any german restaurants
howbout russian or polish
do you have a restaurant that is . russian
tell me about volga
i would like to go to volga
(whi)-ch restaurants are located on center street
i would like some good old american southern style cooking
-like anything but thai food 
not . thai . only american
american
saturday morning
friday evening
under twenty five
(on)-ly american food
no more than twenty five per person
under fifty
over fifteen dollars
within walking distance
which ones take credit cards
how do i have to pay them
will they take personal checks
will edy's restaurant take american express
i want to go to a restaurant that has a full bar
i want a restaurant that allows smoking 
i want to go out tonight where there is entertainment in the restaurant
i want to eat somewhere where there's a age limit
let's start over
i'd like to have some . middle eastern food
i'd like to eat on sunday
i'd like to eat on sunday
i'd like to eat dinner
not more than ten dollars
within five miles 
i'd like some middle eastern food
tell me more about la mediterranee
okay i'm willing to pay up to thirty dollars
i meant thirty five dollars
okay i said twenty dollars
show me some south indian restaurants please
i want south indian food
i'd like to have indian food
okay indian restaurants please
okay can you show me some south asian restaurants
okay can i have more information on berkeley thai house
show me the list again
okay can you tell me more about won thai cuisine
i want russian food
do you know a restaurant called volga house
i want to hear something about volga house
i'll have turkish food
okay i'd like to have some turkish food
do you know cafe mar-mara
i meant cafe mar-mara
 greek food please
i'd like to eat on wednesday
okay show me some vietnamese restaurants
i'd like vietnamese food
i want indian food
show me more about shilpa
-ow show the list again
i'd like to have dinner on monday
i'd like to eat mexican food
i'm willing to spend ten dollars
i'm willing to travel . fifteen minutes
fifteen minutes would be fine
show me more about cactus taqueria
i would like to eat in a mexican restaurant
within two miles of icksee please
i would like to eat on saturday
i would like to eat on saturday . late at night
i would like to eat saturday night
i would like to spend less than twelve dollars per person
please give me more information about manuel's
please show me the restaurants that are available open late at night
late night
midnight
open after midnight
cafe . open after midnight
all restaurants . open after midnight
all restaurants open after midnight
(l)-et's start over
restaurants open after midnight
it doesn't matter
friday or saturday
less than twelve dollars per person
less than forty minutes
which restaurants have sugar free items available
please tell me more about jupiter
thank you
none . thank you
goodbye
end of session
i want some italian food
i prefer breakfast
fifteen dollars
i wanna spend only fif!teen dollars
one hundred meters
about one hundred meters
ten minutes' walk . that's it
now i want some french food
tell me about la tour eiffel
i want to know more about la tour eiffel
i want chinese food on monday . for: dinner
i want breakfast
i want dinner . and: . it's about thirty minutes from i__c__s__i
i want dinner
i want hong-kong villa . i want to know more about it
i want to know more about shin-shin . restaurant . is that shin-shin
i want to see the previous list again
i want some information about strada . c'mon
i want to know more about fondue fred's
i want to know more about . a-la-carte . is that right
i want some indian food
i want to eat . indian food
i want to eat indian food
could you tell me more about bombay cuisine
 i want some information about jade garden
 i want some chinese food . please
sunday
how about . lunch

about fifteen minutes' walk
i want to know about yangtze river
i want to see the previous list please
i want to see the previous list
i want to see the list
i want some . spanish food
i want some taiwanese food . it's so funny cause when you say-
i want some taiwanese food
 how about a distant walk to be thirty minutes
 i want the date to be . wednesday
i want it on wednesday
 how about an hour from . i__c__s__i
 i want it on . wednesday . for dinner
i'd like to have ethiopian food for dinner tomorrow
 i think i'd like to spend less than twenty dollars
i'd like to spend less than twenty dollars
the distance doesn't matter
the distance doesn't matter
show me some more information about blue nile
start over
i'd like to go to a diner on sunday
i want to go to a diner
i want american food for breakfast
 less than eight dollars
somewhere within a ten block radius
ten blocks from icksee
show me the information you've got on edy's
i'd like information about edy's
show me the list again
tell me about edy's
 give me more information about homemade cafe
start over
like to go to a fancy japanese restaurant
i'd like to eat on  saturday night
i'd like to eat on saturday night
saturday
i'd like to have dinner on saturday
it should be very close to icksee
are there any chinese restaurants
how about inexpensive indian restaurants
i'd like to see inexpensive indian restaurants
i'd to go to an indian restaurant
what kinds of food do you know about
i'd like some indian food
i'd like to spend  between . ten and fifteen dollars
start over
start over
what kinds of food do you know about
do you have a list of food types
i'd like to have  a russian dinner
the amount of money doesn't matter
doesn't matter either
tell me more about petrouchka
i'd . like  italian food instead
show me the information about enoteca-mastro
 show me the information about enoteca-mastro
start over
it'll give me what kind of prompt
i like breakfast food in the afternoon brunch food 
i like brunch food on the weekends primarily . that's brunch food  not french
i'd like to eat on saturday and sunday
oh i guess up to eight dollars
i like reasonably priced breakfast on sundays  american brunch . for eight dollars or less
i'm willing to travel anywhere from two miles to fifteen miles depending on the place
 southern american breakfast
i'm interested in traveling between two and fifteen miles from icksee
what is bette's ocean view diner's menu like
can i look at the menu from bette's ocean view diner
start over
i'm interested in lunch food monday through friday
i'm a vegetarian
i would spend around five dollars on a weekday
i would travel within ten minutes walking distance
it must be less than ten minutes away
what kind of food is at the musical offering
where can i find a good greek restaurant for lunch
where could i go to spend two dollars or less for lunch
where can i find lunch for a hundred dollars
i'm looking for vegetarian chinese lunch
i'd like to find out about  african food
i'd like to find a restaurant that's within walking distance of icksee
i'd like to eat on . saturday
i'd like to eat tomorrow
i don't want to spend more than six dollars
i don't want to spend more than six dollars
i don't want to spend more than six dollars on breakfast
i want to eat lunch
i'm willing to spend thirty minutes .  to walk to the restaurant
do they serve drinks
does this restaurant serve drinks
does the blue nile serve drinks
does the blue nile serve alcohol
is there a menu for the blue nile
show me the menu for the blue nile
let's start over
i'd like to start over
are there any indian buffets in berkeley
indian food
i'd like to eat indian food on thursday
i'd like to eat . a buffet lunch
i want to eat indian food
i wanna eat indian food
i'd like to have a buffet lunch
does pasand have a buffet
is there a menu for pasand
show me the menu for pasand
does sujatha's have a buffet
does sujatha's have a buffet lunch
indian food
does sujatha's have a buffet lunch
i'd like a burrito
is there a menu for ay-caramba
does ay-caramba serve vegetarian burritos
where is ay-caramba
i'm looking for ay-caramba
where is ay-caramba
i want a burrito
ay-caramba
caramba
 taqueria
tell me more about cactus taqueria
tell me about manuel's
does manuel's serve burritos
when is manuel's open
tibetan food
i'm hungry for tibetan food
is there any sudanese
i want some italian today
lunch or dinner . would be good
i wanna spend between ten and twenty dollars today
i want to spend between thirteen and nineteen dollars today . 
i want to spend between ten and twenty dollars today
i have a car
tell me about ristorante venezia
show me the list again please
tell me about bucci's please
let's start over
do you have any california cuisine
i wanna eat on the weekends
breakfast or lunch
i have nineteen dollars on me
i have nineteen dollars
i have twenty dollars on me
any distance
i don't care
i still have a car
i have a car
i have a car
doesn't matter
could you tell me about christopher's cafe please
could you tell me about christopher's cafe
do have any information on chez-panisse
i think i want a hamburger today
i want a hamburger now
on second thought tell me about skates
what do you know about long life vegi house
do you have any breakfast places
more than just hamburgers please
any type of food please
let's start over again
let's start over again
i want something for breakfast any day of the week
it doesn't matter
five bucks or so
five bucks
tell me about la tour eiffel
okay i'm done now
goodbye
do you have any ethiopian food
show me edy's
i'd like to try some french food
i want to try some french food
where's the closest restaurant
to eat on wednesday
i'd like to have lun-(ch)
i want to have lunch
to spend no more than fifty dollars
i'd like to go no further than two miles
what is this restaurant like
does the metropole serve chicken
i want some fast food
like some indian food
i want some indian food
i want some british food
i want some . japanese food
i'd like it to cost less than five dollars
i'm willing to drive . five miles away
it has to be less than five miles away
i'd like to have lunch on wednesday . oh that's the same thing  . oops
i want japanese food
i'm willing to pay . up to . fifty dollars
i'm willing to pay . fifty dollars
tell me about kirala
i'm interested in indonesian food
i want some thai food
today
can i have dinner please
about ten to fifteen dollars
within ten minutes of  walking . walking distance  i guess it won't have recognized it 
within ten minutes walking distance
can i have some information about nakapan please
i want to have african food please
i would like to have japanese food
i would like to have japanese food
it expensive
can you give me some information about *sushi-ko*
i like some mexican food today
i don't want to pay more than ten dollars
i would like to go to norteno's
 how much is lunch at norteno's
how far is sun-hong-kong
which in- 
i would like to have indian food
i would like to have indian food
indian
indian food
i would like to have italian
i want to have lunch at bucci's
can i have some korean food
can you tell me something about korean restaurants
where is mcdonald's
i want to have lunch at burger king's
i want some pizza today
i want hamburgers
i like hamburgers
i'd like to know about  moderate to inexpensively priced italian foo-(d)
 let's start over . i'd like to know about italian restaurants
i'd like to know . about . restaurants that are . moderate to inexpensively priced
moderate to inexpensive
to have dinner on saturday night
saturday night
saturday
weekend
can you give me suggested restaurants
 restaurants
suggestion
what are my choices
distance does not matter
does not matter
like to travel up to ten miles
weekend
friday or saturday
can you tell me more about lococo's restaurant
can i see the list again
can you tell me about bucci's
show me the list again
let's start again
i'd like to know about vegetarian restaurants
any day
dinner
inexpensive to moderate
cheap
within ten miles
tell me about musical offering
let's see the list again
tell me about vegi food
let's start again
 can you tell me about great china restaurant
 can you tell me about restaurants in san__francisco
i'd like to go to san__francisco
 i'd like middle eastern food
any day
i'd like to eat lunch there
 inexpens-(ive)
 cheap cheap cheap 
 any distan-(ce)
within ten miles
expensive
let's start over

i'd like to eat breakfa-(st)
i'd like to eat breakfast
brunch i'd like to eat brunch
i'd like to eat breakfast
any type of food
not french food . any type of food
distance within ten miles
tell me about cafe fanny
tell me about cafe fanny
tell me about cafe vin
cafe fanny
tell me about the meal ticket
show me the list a-(gain)
tell me about the homemade cafe
me about snacks
where do i go for a good beer
i like beer
i'd like to listen to music while i eat
i'd like . to eat . any kind of food
any kind of food
any kind of food
any meal
lunch or dinner
very expen-(sive)
only expensive food
any type of food
not thai food . any type of food
tell me about fondue fred
 show me the list again
(th)-e mermaid
tell me about omnivore
show me the list again
show me the list again
tell me about le bateau ivre
tell me about le bateau ivre
okay i think i'd like to eat {} maybe this friday
  .  i think i'd like to have  . breakfast
i don't want to spend very much money
i would like to spend not very much money
i would like a place that's not very expensive
 . i want a place that is not expensive . 
i want a place  . where i will spend . very little money . 
 .  let's see if you understand inexpensive
 .  as long as it's walking distance it's okay
       never mind 
  just breakfast food is fine . any kind of american breakfast
any kind of food is okay
any type of food is okay
 i think i would like an american breakfast
 . i would like . to go some place that is walking distance
  what are the hours of the meal ticket
 what do they serve at the  at the addison annex
okay    i'm looking for places for dinner
tell me about the jupiter and also the tambo cafe
okay  first tell me about the jupiter
okay   tell me about the tambo cafe
      i want food that is not necessarily american
okay let's look for the ones that are not american
do you have  {}  a list of restaurants  near telegraph avenue
what's the cross street at guerrero's
what's the cross street at guerrero's
can you give me the list again
can you show me the rest of the list
tell me about  guerrero's 
is the cafe pastoral still in business
let's make the day wednesday
make the distance less than fifteen minutes from i__c__s__i

i'm looking for ethnic food
do you have any ethiopian restaurants
 do you have any ethiopian restaurants
i am looking for an ethiopian restaurant
the distance doesn't matter
okay  .    {} i want a place within five minutes  . of icksee
i would like some  italian food
any kind of food is okay . did i say that alre-(ady)
what is rasa-sayang
okay please tell me about restoran-rasa-sayang
i want to know about restoran-rasa-sayang
please tell me about restoran-rasa-sayang
 . now i'm looking for a nice restaurant
 hi . i'd like information about eastern european restaurants
  i'd like russian food please . a russian restaurant 
i'd like to eat on a saturday night please
let's start over again please . get this right
i'd like to spend under two dollars and fifty cents 
i'd like to spend . ten dollars and fifty cents
let's start over please  
i would like information about indonesian restaurants thank you
i would like to eat on bastille day july fourteenth nineteen ninety three thank you 
oh i'd think i would like to eat all three dinners breakfast lunch and dinner thank you
 i'm interested in malaysian food
i'd like to eat after ten p__m
 the day doesn't matter
 lunch or dinner
 not too much
 any place in berkeley
please start over
 i'd like to go for a nice restaurant for dinner tonight
not asian food
 anything except asian food
 not asian food
 not asian food
 not asian food
 not asian food
 i don't want to eat asian food
 japanese food
 i want to eat  this evening
 doesn't matter anywhere is okay
tell me more about  yoshi's
 tell me about ochame
 could i see the japanese list again
 no no the distance isn't important
 i said that the distance from icksee doesn't matter
actually i'm taking my friend to dinner and she likes italian food
 tell me something about enoteca-mastro
 tell me something about enoteca-mastro
how about oliveto's
 i said how about oliveto's
 okay the cost is unimportant
 no i said the cost is unimportant
 the price doesn't matter
i can spend any amount of money
 cost is irrelevant
 i don't care how much it costs
i don't care how much it costs
 tell me more about soul brother's kitchen
 tell me about french restaurants
 tell me more about the metropole
 let me see that list again
 how about le bateau ivre
 i'm looking for a romantic restaurant for dinner
 can you recommend me some place that's romantic
the kind of food doesn't matter
i'm thinking of going to fondue fred's
 i wanna go some place where they have a full bar
 i want some place that has a bar
 i want a restaurant that serves drinks
i want a place with a bar
  i want a place that serves . liquor
 i am looking for a bar
 i want some place that has margaritas
 okay i'd like to go eat at a diner
 i'm looking for a diner
okay i'm looking for a burger joint
 i'd like to eat a hamburger
 i'd like to eat a hamburger
 i would like some thai food
let's start over
 i would like a place with a good salad
do you have any restaurants with california cuisine
i want to eat on a sunday evening
i'd like to spend under twenty dollars
 i would like it to be within walking distance from i__c__s__i
 tell me more about cafe bistro
let's start again
please start again
 let's start again
let's start again
let's start again
let's start over
 is there any german food around here
 i would like german food
is there any south american food
within five minutes of icksee
 about ten dollars
i would like to eat lunch
i want to eat on tuesday
 do you have peruvian food
do you have food from peru
tell me about the tambo cafe
 tell me about caffe venezia
 i would like a french lunch spot
 are there any expensive mexican restaurants
i would like an expensive sushi bar
 i would like an inexpensive sushi bar
i would like a cheap sushi bar
i would like a mid-priced sushi bar
i want to spend less than ten dollars
 tell me about any japanese restaurant
tell me about anything japanese
let's start again . oh was it over  
please start over
i would like frozen yogurt
are there any ice cream parlors
tell me about vegetarian chinese food
i want to eat on tuesday night
medium range price
any price
i will spend any amount of money
i am willing to go any distance
it should be within an hour of icksee
tell me about fat slice pizza
are there any greek restaurants in berkeley
tell me about greek food
tell me about *la mediterranee* 
tell me about the mykonos deli
mykonos deli
i want to eat lunch
i'm looking for a restaurant very near to icksee . and i don't want to spend . lot of money searching for something .  inexpensive
can you find me something . not far away than five minutes . and . where i can have lunch in the evening
so tell me about edy's please
okay let's start over
 let's start over
please give me italian restaurants within twenty minutes from icksee
where can i have breakfast
 where can i have breakfast
where can i have breakfast
okay it may be expensive and it should be american
give me american restauran-(t)
i want to have an american restaurant
-in italian res-(taurant)
give me a french restaurant
give me a restaurant for saturday
let's try it with 
so first thing we have to change is we want dinner now
give me dinner for friday
so  now we should change to dinner
dinner
is there somewhere german restaurant
where can i get a cup of coffee and donuts in the morning
please show me cheaper ones
give me a cheap coffee 
show me further information about cafe milano please
where can i find something to eat at night
i would like to get some mexican food
where is the restaurant  with the name ay-caramba
let's start over
i want to get some chinese food
i would like to eat on  thursday
thursday
what about tuesday
let's say lunch
about twenty to thirty dollars
only ten dollars
one dollar
i would like to spend one dollar
i would like to spend ten dollars
how do i find the hong-kong east ocean restaurant
let's start over
let's start over
let's start over
start over
i want to eat some fine french food
i would like to eat on monday
i would like to eat some . good french . food
i want to eat on monday
i want to take dinner
i want to take . breakfast
i don't  i don't want to spend much money . i think that  
not very much
not very much money
find an inexpensive restaurant
i can walk ten minutes
let's start over
i want to eat some tacos
i would like to go to eat on monday
i want to go to a mexican restaurant on tuesday
i would like to take breakfast
it doesn't matter
i want to spend up to one hundred dollars
what's your name
i want to eat some  american food
i want to go there on monday
a lot of money
i have no money
let's start over 
i'd like some information about restaurants
well i want some restaurants that are close to evans hall
are there any restaurants that have brazilian food
i want brazilian food
tell me about nino's restaurant
brazilian food is my favorite
i want food from brazil
what restaurants have hamburgers
 i want to eat on friday
i need a place for lunch
list the restaurants that this selects
i want the restaurant close to the university
i don't want to spend over five dollars
i want to spend less than five dollars
show me mcdonald's
 the menu at *au-coquelet*
show me . *au-coquelet*
show me *au-coquelet*
let's start over
i want some places with omelets
 i want omelets
start over
let's start with pizza
i need a place for friday
 i need to eat lunch
i want some place far away from icksee
about ten dollars
show me places more than thirty minutes from icksee
is zachary's any good
is zachary's closed on monday
 start over
i'm willing to go to very expensive restaurant-(s)
 i want any type of food
start over
i want very expensive
i need a place saturday night
i want steak and seafood
show me the places that match this
doesn't matter
 doesn't ma-(tter)
i want some place about fifteen minutes from i__c__s__i
 i want some place less than thirty minutes from i__c__s__i
i want some place more than ten minutes away
i am willing to travel any distance
the cost doesn't matter
i want any cost at all
 i want any distance
i want any day
display sizzler
show me sizzler
do you understand sizzler
show me sizzler
show the restaurant you're displaying
(o)-kay start over
show me a place with spam
the type of food is spam
do you have any portuguese restauran-(ts)
i want portuguese food
i want to eat any day
 i'm hungry for lunch
i want portuguese food
i'll spend any . any cost
the cost doesn't matter to me
i'll spend over seventy five cents
(o)-ver one dollar
i want to spend under one thousand dollars
i'm willing to spend about five dollars
i'm willing to travel up to one hour
i'll travel up to one hou-(r)
i want to travel more than one minute
i want to spend more than five dollars
i'm willing to spend any amoun-(t)
 any cost is okay with me
do you have expensive restauran-(ts)
 i want portuguese
how about portuguese food 
i want to spend about ten dollars
i want to eat there for any meal
i want to eat breakfast lunch or dinner
let's try portuguese food
i want to eat dinner
i want to spend about fifty dollars
i want food form brazil
 i want brazilian food
type of food is brazilian brazilian
start over
any day at all
i want spaghetti
i'll eat any day
i want to spend about fifty dollars
lunch
i'm not willing to travel more than fifteen
i'll go fifteen minutes
display the stuff that you have about spats
 .  i'd like indian food
i'd like indian food pl-(ease)
how about a week from wednesday
i'll have dinner
under ten dollars an entree
 . i could travel three to five miles
i'd be willing to travel between three and five miles
could i have more information about sujatha's please
can i have more information about sujatha's restaurant please
sujatha's
can i see the list of indian restaurants again please
 i'd like the list of indian restaurants that i previously requested
can i have indian food please
let's start over
give me italian food
can i have italian food please
 give me information about cafe vin please
cafe vin
cafe vin
cafe vin
let's try cambodian food
can i have cambodian food for lunch
how about tuesday lunch
can you give me more information about cambodiana's
where can i get cheap american food
where can i get a salad
i'd like a restaurant with a salad bar
where can i get thai food for lunch
can you expand it to ten miles
how about ice cream stores
ice cream stores or  dessert places
do you have any dessert restaurants
i'd like some chinese food
i'd like to spend about five dollars
which ones are open for dinner
 can you tell me more about yangtze river
let's start over 
 i'd like an indian meal
indian food please
food from india
indian food
i'd like indian food
on friday 
lunch please
lunch
up to ten dollars
one mile
are any of these restaurants open for breakfast
let's start over 
i'd like some mexican food
on tuesday
dinner
eight dollars
eight dollars
eight dollars
eight dollars
eight dollars
i can spend eight dollars
thirty minutes
i can travel thirty minutes
can you tell me about the taquerias
tell me about viva taqueria
let's start over
i would like a chicken dinner
chicken
i would like meat
i would like beef
beef
i want beef
roast beef
japanese food
thursday
nine dollars
nine dollars
that's too much money
tell me about casa-de-eva
tell me about casa-de-eva
tell me about the first restaurant on the list
tell me about guerrero's
tell me about guerrero's
let's start over
i would like japanese food
sunday
lunch
eight dollars
not very much
fifteen minu-(tes)
three miles
i can spend twelve dollars
tell me about yoshi's
let's start over
i would like american food
wednesday
i want breakfast
ten dollars
five miles
tell me about edy's
tell me about mel's diner
tell me about fat apple's
which restaurants on the list have hamburgers
does cafe milano have hamburgers
tell me about cafe milano
let's start over
i would like thai food
friday
lunch
ten dollars
twenty minutes
twenty minutes
tell me about plearn
tell me about plearn thai cuisine
let's start over
i would like a restaurant on shattuck avenue
asian foo-(d)
monday
dinner
not much
six dollars
one mile
tell me about cambodiana's
may i see the list again
give me the list again
goodbye
i need to know about mexican restaurants
any day of the week
dinner
not more than ten dollars
i don't want asian food i want mexican food
i do not want to spend more than ten dollars
not more than ten dollars
three kilometers
what do you know about ay-caramba
how many vegetarian entrees do they have at ay-caramba
show me the list of restaurants
can you show me the list of restaurants
i want to go as far as five kilometers
how many vegetarian entrees do they have at juan's place
show me the list of restaurants
do they have vegetarian food at juan's place
show me the list of restaurants
is the food in picante taqueria really spicy
i want to eat in a chinese restaurant
i changed my mind i want a cambodian restaurant
show me some russian restaurants
tell me about petrouchka
i want to know about good places for pancakes
i want to have breakfast
i want to have breakfast on a saturday morning
i want to eat pancakes
no you got me wrong i want to eat pancakes
i want american food
eat breakfast
i want to eat breakfast on a saturday morning
i want to eat on a saturday
i want to eat on a sunday
i want to eat breakfast
i want american food
i want to eat pancakes
i want to eat in a caribbean restaurant
tell me more about au-coquelet
tell me about *au-coquelet* 
show me the list of restaurants
tell me about the brick hut cafe
show me the list of restaurants .  i-(t) it doesn't understand the word show me for so-(me)
tell me about the stuffed inn
 tell me about the stuffed inn
what do you know about the stuffed inn
the stuffed inn
 i want to eat dinner at a caribbean restaurant
 i want caribbean food
caribbean
hunan
cantonese food
 i want to eat cantonese food
i'm particularly interested in asian food 
i'm particularly interested in asian food
i'd like to find a place that's within five minutes' walking distance of icksee
my favorite kind of asian food is spicy meals at moderate cost
i'd like to find good food that's  available  in the four dollar to eight dollar range
i'm also very fond of ethiopian food again food that's in the five dollar to ten dollar range
start over
start over
start over
one of my favorite restaurants is the blue nile i like to go there for lunch
the restaurant should be within ten minutes' driving distance from icksee
i don't like thai food
the cost should be at most five dollars
i like to eat on sundays
i don't like chinese or mexican . food
i prefer expensive mexican food
start over
i like to eat deli food on fridays
jewish delicatessen food
i like italian deli food
the restaurant should be within eight minutes' cycling distance from icksee
i enjoy italian breakfasts
no more than five dollars
let's try costs in the five dollar to ten dollar range
my favorite food is hamburgers and coke
start over
list the french restaurants within five minutes of icksee
dinner
dinner
fridays or saturdays
the cost should be less than six dollars
i like sandwiches for lunch
tell me about panini
tell me about the other sandwich shop
i like to eat sandwiches on sunday
what is its telephone number
what is la tour eiffel's telephone number
 tell me everything you know about chez-panisse
how many people can chez-panisse       accommodate in my party
start over
where can i go to get frozen yogurt
i want to eat some ice cream
i want to eat ice cream on tuesday at lunchtime
(s)-pend two dollars
i will go three blocks from i__c__s__i
i want to spend five dollars
start over
i want to have spaghetti for lunch on wednesday
on wednesday
i would like to eat on wednesday 
 i want to spend seven dollars
i'm willing to go ten minutes away from i__c__s__i
tell me about caffe giovanni
tell me about restaurants that  serve vegetarian food
please list vegetarian restaurants
start over
i would like to have a roast beef dinner on friday night
 i want roast beef 
i want . a meat dinner
i want to have a steak dinner
start over
i want a green salad for lunch today
i want to eat a salad
salad
vegetarian
vegetarian
start over
i want vegetarian food . for lunch . today
i want to eat lunch
lunch
 i want lunch
 i want to have lunch
five minutes
tell me about ay-caramba
does ay-caramba have takeout . services
does ay-caramba have takeout
show me the list
start over 
 where is the nearest deli to i__c__s__i
i want potato salad
i want a salad
i want a deli sandwich
 on wednesday
any day
i want lunch
 i want to spend five dollars
i want a sandwich
tell me about musical offering
does musical offering have salads
 start over
i want pancakes for breakfast
i want pancakes
okay i want waffles
american
i want american food 
any day 
any day 
  less than ten dollars
tell me about continental garden
can you tell me about yogurt park
i want yogurt
hello berp  are there any good indonesian restaurants in berkeley 
let's start over 
hello berp are there any good indonesian restaurants in berkeley 
any day would be fine 
i'm interested in dinner 
this can be an expensive meal that's fine
berp can you tell me where there's a nice romantic restaurant that doesn't cost too  much 
let's start over 
where can i take a date and not have to pay very much money .  think about that sort of thing or whoops 
let's start again  oh i shouldn't do that 
let's start over
i'd like a restaurant near campus but not on durant 
i want to find a good salad
healthy lo-cal food
(o)-n tuesday saturday or sunday
lunch 
  can't you find lunch for me 
make it a cheap lunch
i changed my mind i want pizza 
i want a pizza place on telegraph
let's start over 
what's the best chinese restaurant near icksee
i want to eat on tuesday and i want it to be inexpensive 
i'd like to get a chocolate sundae 
i don't need to pay very much money . make it cheap
where can i go for dessert
let's start over 
 where can i go for dessert 
i'd like some ice cream or some pastries
something fattening 
i'd like california cuisine but . not near icksee
 i'd like to eat tonight at eight o'clock
 i have a car
are there any good japanese places on solano
what about any night of the week
can you show me information about kirala
can you make a reservation for me 
where can i get brunch
let's start over 
let's start over
let's start over 
where can i get a good breakfast 
(i)-t stupid 
i'd like american food
like to eat any day and . any price
(i')-d like to spend any price
any price
i'll spend any amount of money
any distance is fine
twenty minutes
i want american food . for breakfast 
i want american food 
i would like to walk about five blocks
does lococo's have seafood on their menu
can you tell me anything about the food at santa-fe bar and grill
do you have any information . about the santa-fe bar and grill
do you have any information about . thai food
i'd like some information about lunch at a thai restaurant
does thai barbecue have . seafood on their menu
what hours is the thai barbecue restaurant open
i would like more information on italian restaurants
could you give me the hours that caffe giovanni is open
are there any greek restaurants in the neighborhood
i would like to eat greek food
do you have a restaurant that offers california cuisine
do you have information on mykonos
can you recommend a chinese restaurant
do you need reservations at the great china for dinner
 where could i go to get a cheeseburger
where could i get a hamburger
can you show me a . menu for edy's
where can i get sushi for lunch
is there a place to get sushi
i would like to eat on monday
i would like to eat lunch
i would eat anywhere in berkeley
i'm willing to pay ten dollars or less
 expensive italian restaurant
what are the price ranges for cafe vin
where can i find good apple pie
what's a good thai restaurant on shattuck
is there a thai restaurant on shattuck
do you have a menu for cha-am
(a) good thai restaurant for dinner on wednesday
how late is cha-am open
(wh)-at is the cost for a meal at chez-panisse
is there a good french restaurant near shattuck
where can i get cambodian food
do i need reservations for cambodiana's
where's a good place to get seafood
where could i get lobster to eat
where can i get a good bagel
where can i get a bagel for lunch
where can i get expensive japanese food
do i need reservations at sushi-ko
is there a good thai restaurant on solano avenue
i'd like to have dinner at sweet basil's
i'd like to have breakfast at rick and ann's
(i)-s a good place to get an omelet
(i)-s a good place to get clam chowder
can you suggest a good vegetarian restaurant
i'm looking for a cheap  vegetarian restaurant for dinner
vegetarian restaurant for under fifteen dollars
 vegetarian restaurant
where could i get good pizza
where can i get inexpensive pizza
where can i get cheap pizza
where can i get cheap chinese food
can i get takeout from sun-hong-kong
i'd like to try  eating some chinese food
 i'd like to eat on wednesday
i'd like to spend less than twenty dollars
 i'd like to eat on wednesday evening
let's start over
  i'd like to eat some thai food at somewhere less than five minutes from i__c__s__i
 i'd like to eat there today
i'd like to go there for dinner
less than . ten dollars
 can you show me more information about nakapan
let's start over
can you tell me if there are any cheap mexican restaurants nearby
 i'd like to go there for dinner on friday night
let's start over
can you show me a list of vietnamese restaurants
 i'd like to go there for lunch on wednesday evening
  i'd like to spend  maybe less than . fifteen dollars
i don't mind walking up to twenty minutes away
let's start over
i'd like to go to a nice italian restaurant
 on saturday night
 i'd like to go there for dinner on saturday night
can you show me the menu at venezia
let's start over
can you recommend a french restaurant nearby
 on friday evening
can you show  me places that are within fifteen minutes' walk from i__c__s__i
 i'd like to eat on saturday evening
let's start over
let's start over
let's start over
are there any good indian restaurants  within twenty minutes' walk of i__c__s__i
 i'd like to have indian
i'd like to have some indian food that costs less than . twenty dollars
on saturday night
tell me more about sujatha's
i'd like to go there for breakfast
let's start over
 i'd like to have some pasta on friday night
can you tell me about  cancun
 i'd like to have mexican at cancun
let's start over
do you have information on le bateau ivre
let's start over
can you tell me about any good cantonese restaurants close by
i'd like to have chinese and spend less than twenty dollars
can you tell me more about the hong-kong villa
can you tell me more about taiwan restaurant
let's start over
oh  let's see i think i'd like a salad
i'd like to have a salad
i'd like  california cui-(sine)
 this is for lunch 
lunch please  
i'd like to spend under ten dollars
i'd like to eat on monday
i'll travel up to two miles
could i see the menu for cafe fanny
 tell me more about the musical offering
i need a place to eat breakfast
  what about a restaurant in albany
i want to eat in albany
 how about el-cerrito
i want a restaurant that's far away
i'd like indian fo-(od)
how about for dinner
what about for saturday ni-(ght)
saturday night
i can spend over ten dollars
i can spend more than ten dollars
i need a touristy place to take my in-law-(s)
let's start over 
 where can i take children to-
i want to take my kids to a re-(staurant)
i'd like cajun foo-(d)
any day is o-(kay)
dinner
i want to spend under fifty dollars
doesn't matter 
it doesn't matter
doesn't matter
it really doesn't
not important
a long way
i can go any distance
 five miles
how about seafood
how much is it to eat at spenger's for four people
tell me about the elmwood pharmacy
where's a mcdonald's
what can i get at oliveto's
can i make reservations
what time does the elmwood pharmacy close
i'd like pharmacy food 
 i want to eat in the elmwood
elmwood
i would like to find an italian restaurant
friday
 i'd like to have lunch
between forty and fifty dollars
i'm willing to go thirty minutes . away
let's start over
i want to find a restaurant with good caviar
i'd like to eat on sunday
i'd like to eat dinner
money is no object
i'm willing to spend over one hundred dollars
 i'm willing to go . an hour and a half away
i'm willing to travel ninety minutes
i'd like to find . an american restaurant
i'd like to go to an american restaurant
let's start over 
i'd like to find a restaurant where i can get a turkey sandwich
i'd like to eat today
 i want lunch
 i want to spend less than five dollars
 i'm willing to go fifteen minutes
i'd like to get a turkey sandwich
i'd like information on la tour eiffel
i'd like to get a turkey sandwich
 i'd like information on la tour eiffel
i'd like information on la tour eiffel
i'd like to have duck
i would like to eat duck
please tell me about ay-caramba
please show me the list agai-(n)
 i'd like to eat french food
i'm willing to spend more than fifteen dollars
i'd like to have thai food
let's start over
i wanna go to a thai restaurant
i wanna eat tomorrow
i wanna have lunch
 i wanna keep it under fifteen dollars
 i only wanna go a coupla blocks
i'll only go less than a mile
please tell me about the berkeley thai house
okay let's start with some chinese food
friday would be nice
i would like to eat on friday
i'm looking for an inexpensive dinner
about ten miles
that's too far away
could you give me restaurants that are closer please
something closer
how about less expensive
i would like a low cost restaurant
let's start over 
i said let's start over
(li)-ke some good pizza
any day is fine
any day is fine
i would like to eat lunch or dinner
i don't care how much it costs 
that's a good idea how about some sushi 
i don't care 
price is not a problem
how many restaurants do you have so far
please tell me which restaurants you have so far
tell me which restaurants are available
list the restaurants that you have so far
i don't care how much it costs
(distan)-ce and cost are not a problem
i would like japanese food
i don't care what the cost is
i don't care about distance 
any distance is fine  it seemed  to understand that
any distance is fine 
tell me what restaurants are further away
tell me about sushi-sho
go back to the list
how about joshu-ya
go back to the list again
what about ochame
how about yoshi's
go back to the list
do you know any pizza places
i want some pizza
tell me about zachary's
let's start over
let's start over
how about some russian food
any day
any day
i don't care
i don't care
about fifteen dollars
as far as it takes
any distance
give me the list
change it to russian food
give me russian food 
russian food
tell me about russian food 
i would like some russian food
tell me about petrouchka
let's start over
what restaurants are close
i would like a close inexpensive restaurant
no i said inexpensive
any type of food
i don't care
i don't care
any type of food is fine
i would like to eat today
i would like dinner
give me thai food
tell me about plearn
okay i'd like to know about chinese restaurants
i would like to know about the price range . cause i i'm interested in the middle
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves nice hot food
tell me about the eiffel restaurant
is the plearn . restaurant better than the nakapan
(i)-s the nakapan restaurant good 
can you give me a list of chinese restaurants in berkeley
 so i'd like to have lunch with two friends  and sun-hong-kong . on wednesday
is there a restaurant that serves  hunan food
can i see a list of italian restaurants in ber-(keley)
 i want to have some italian food somewhere
 how long is spats open
give me the list agai-(n)
i'd like to know the hours  when spats is open
give me the list of  traditional american
tell me more about mel's diner
i want to know more about mel's diner
what is the best hamburger . restaurant
i like sandwiches for lunch where can i go
are they open at lunchtime
where can i get good coffee
which of the restaurants or cafes has cake
where can one have good dessert
is there a good place to have ice cream 
where is blondie's pizza
to go to blondie's pi-(zza)
(m)-e the restaurants that serve roast duck
is there a kentucky fried chicken restaurant  in berkeley
 . which restaurants are open . on mondays
 where can i have sunday brunch with my
(th)-is is for brunch
(k)-osher *delis*
do you have a kosher delicatessen on your list
tell me about . italian restaurants
i'd like to eat today and i'd like to  only have to walk . to the restaurant
 oh i'd like to eat lunch
 i want to walk to the restaurant
i'd like to spend under ten dollars
i'd like to walk to the re-(staurant)
i'm willing to go about a thousand feet
i'm willing to travel a thousand feet
i'm willing to go a quarter of a mile
i could go one quarter of a mile
i could go a half mile
i'm willing to walk ten minutes
tell me about caffe giovanni
now tell me about spats
do you know about any persian restaurants
give me information about volga
do you know about any more expensive restaurants
let's start over
i want to know about mexican restaurants
i could travel  thirty minutes by car
the restaurant could be moderately expensive
(l)-ike to eat dinner on friday
let's try a less expensive restaurant
i'd like a moderately priced res-(taurant)
tell me about guerrero's
yes but can you give me information on guerrero's
show me the list again
can you tell me about guerrero's
show me the list again
tell me something about the first restaurant
can you tell me about norteno's
(i')-d like to see some information on casa-de-eva
show me the list again
i'd like to know more about picante taqueria
tell me about picante taqueria
yes but can you tell me about picante taqueria
i wanna go back to mexican food
hello . mexican food is what i'm interested in
i could walk . thirty minutes
tell me about taqueria cancun
what about taqueria de berkeley
show me the list again
now i'd like to see about . greek food for lunch
 all right instead i'd like to get a sandwich
tell me about caffe nefeli
no caffe nefeli  is the restaurant i'm intere-(sted)
show me the lis-(t)
what is la tour eiffel
do you have any information on au-coquelet
i'd like to know about middle eastern rest-(aurants)
show me the information on la mediterranee
are there other restaurants that serve dinner also
the restaurant could be any price
 i don't really care about the cost
what about more expensive restaurant-(s)
 all right what about california cuisine restaurants
i'd like to know about chez-panisse cafe
 can you tell me about santa-fe bar and grill
 do you know about the santa-fe
let's try southwestern food
what if i asked for food from the southwest
do you know about any german restaurants
what about moderately priced restaurant-(s)
can you tell me about german restaurants
i wanna have  italian food today
start over
let's start over
i would like to see an italian restaurant
italian food
tomorrow
dinner
i would like to eat dinner
three dollar
about twenty miles
i would like to spend twenty dollars
is bucci's restaurant open on saturday
i like to have italian food
give me information on oliveto's restaurant
show me the list
give me information on caffe giovanni
let's start over again
i would like to have chinese food
like to eat on friday
i would like to have breakfast
i would like to have breakfast not african
about seven hundred dollars
i would like to spend seven hundred dollars
i said seven hundred dollars
twenty five dollars
i want to spend twenty five dollars
please give me information on cafe fanny
hello . italian food 
sunday
i would like to eat on sunday
i think i'm having lunch
no more than fifteen dollars
five hundred meters
about five hundred meters
five . hundred . meters
i would like to have mexican food
how about cuban food
okay  i want indian food 
thursday 
dinner for under thirty dollars
i'm willing to travel up to fourteen miles
i would like indian food
i'm willing to travel up to fourteen miles from i__c__s__i
i'm willing to travel up to fourteen miles from i__c__s__i
fourteen miles
twenty miles
 {}    i want to travel less than twenty miles
can i have information on *sujatha's* or *sujatha's*
may i see the list again
can i have more information on bombay cuisine
 do any of the other restaurants have a vegetarian menu
 i only want to see indian restaurants which have vegetarian menus
do you have indian restaurants which are vegetarian
how long is a typical wait for a party of five on friday night at bombay cuisine 
can i see restaurants which have mediterranean food
i want restaurants with mediterranean food which are less than ten miles from i__c__s__i and under  fifty dollars . on .    friday and i'm looking for a dinner menu
may i see the information on bucci's
may i see the information on bucci's
may i see the information on *mediterranee*
how many pizza restaurants are less than ten miles from i__c__s__i
{(interest)-ed} in going to a greek restaurant and and i'm wondering whether there is  one here in the berkeley area .  . the food i like  is chicken 
maybe it's easier just to go to a chinese restaurant
how far is this restaurant away from berkeley bart sta-(tion)
i would like to go there on sunday
 restaurant 
i'm a-
i want to go to an indian restaurant  in downtown berkeley
(a)-ny restaurant in downtown berkeley where i can get something {t-(o)}
looking for a mcdonald's restaurant in downtown berkeley
would you please start over
 restaurant in downtown berkeley
eat a very cheap and fast sandwich
prefer german food
{(wa)-nt} to go to a restaurant in the berkeley hills
i prefer italian foo-(d)
italian salads
i would like to eat on monday
i would like to go for lunch
i want to spend one hundred dollars there
i don't want to spend very much money there
i want to spend . ten dollars there
start over

i like to eat . indian food
indian foo-(d)
i like to eat indian . food
i like to have some thai food
i like to go there
there next sunday
to ten dollars
ten minutes' walk from here . will be fine
could you tell me more about thai barbecue
 what dishes do you recommend
could you tell me again about thai barbecue
what kind of dishes do you recommend
i like to go to a restaurant on sunday
to have thai food for lunch
  i'd like to eat japanese food
i'd like to go to . the japanese restaurant on sunday for dinner
i can pay up to twenty dollars
tell me more about sushi-ko
 tell me about sushi-ko
indian foo-(d)
indian
i'd like to have indian cu-(rry)
indian
i'm willing to pay up to ten dollars
i wanted to go there yesterday
yesterday
yesterday . evening
i want to go to an italian re-(staurant)
i want to have some italian food
tell me about caffe giovanni
tell me about caffe giovanni
i'd like to have italian food
i'm looking for something upscale and not asia-(n)
i would like food that is not asian and that is moderately expensive 
i want food that is not asian 
 no i said that i want food that is not asian
to eat this weeken-(d)
i'd like to eat either on saturday or on sunday
anywhere is fine
okay  how about . american or french or  european food 
 how about not cheap food
i'd like moderately expensive foo-(d)
 tell me about la tour eiffel 
let's start over
i'd like cheap fast food in downtown berkeley 
i'd like to eat friday near icksee
i want to eat lunch near icksee
i want it to be near i__c__s__i
tell me about ay-caramba 
how about more expensive than that
 let's start over
 i'm looking for a place to eat lunch tomorrow
(i')-d like to eat sushi
i don't care . but it should be . not too far from icksee 
i don't care 
 any amount is fine 
 tell me about sushi-ko
okay tell me about restaurants anywhere in berkeley
 what do you know about yoshi's 
(i')-m looking for a thai restaurant for under ten dollars within about six blocks
thai
tuesday
i'd like to eat lunch 
does thai barbecue serve vegetarian meal-(s)
 give me more information about nakapa-(n)
tell me about  thai barbecue
(s)-tart over
 i'm looking for a place to have breakfast
start over
 i'm looking for a place to have breakfast
american
to eat on saturday
(d)-on't wanna spend any more than ten dollars
i'm willing to travel ten mile-(s)
 i'm willing to travel one hour
 i'm willing to travel . half a mile
i'm willing to travel fifteen blocks
tell me about rick and ann-('s)
i'd like additional information on rick and ann's
tell me about the con-(tinental)
tell me about the continental garden
start over
(looki)-ng for a place to have lunch tomorrow
i'd like indian food
 about twenty dollars 
 i'm willing to travel one hour
i'm willing to travel fifteen minutes on foot
i'd like more information on sujatha's
 i'd like more information about cactus taqueria please
start over
start over
i'd like information about vegetarian restaurants
to eat on thursday for dinner
(i')-d like to spend between ten and twenty dollars
doesn't matter
ten mile-(s)
i'd like more information about petrouchka's
 do you have any information about creme-de-la-creme
give me more information about the mermaid restaurant 
start over
i'm looking for a cheap mexican restaurant
i want to eat on
wednesday pl-(ease)
breakfast
(wil)-ling to travel twenty seven minutes 
i'm willing to travel for twenty five minutes
 i'm willing to travel for fifteen minutes 
start over 
to know about juan's res-(taurant)
start over 
not talk to me first
i would like some japanese food
i would like something for lunch today 
not more than ten dollars
as close as possible
you have no information on sushi california
let's start over
(l)-et's start over
let's start over
 let's start over
let's start over 
let's start over 
what about some indian food
which is the  cheapest indian restaurant
let's start over
let's start over 
i would like to go to a very expensive restaurant
let's start over
i would like much more expensive food
let's start over
let's start over
let's start over 
let's start again
i would like some very expensive food
maybe french or italian
i will be going out on sunday night
i will be going out at night so i want dinner
within . twenty minutes on foot of i__c__s__i
what about chez-panisse
let's start again
let's start again
where is a good place for thai food
today
i'll be going out for lunch
i want to spend as little money as possible
i only have five dollars
it has to be within five minutes of i__c__s__i
five minutes from i__c__s__i
what about the california dream cafe
i have ten dollars to spend
 ten dollars
(a)-bout somewhere more expensive
are there any restaurants with californian food
not too expensive somewhere in mid-price range say fifteen dollars
let's start again
i could go anywhere in berkeley
i'd like hungarian food
no i want hungarian or polish food
i will be eating tomorrow on saturday
no i'll be going on saturday
let's try again it's saturday
i can go any distance from i__c__s__i twenty minutes thirty minutes
i would like to eat dinner
i want to go out on a saturday
i will be eating on saturday not sunday
i want to spend fifteen dollars
 malaysian instead of indonesian
okay back to the normal stuff what about mexican
tell me everything you know about taqueria cancun
(gi)-ve me the details for taqueria cancun
let's start again
   hello i would like to know  which kind of restaurant i can 
i would like to go in a vegetarian restaurant but i don't know where i can go . can you help me please
 i would like to eat at  saturday evening
i would like to eat at saturday evening  in a vegetarian restaurant please
i would like to eat at saturday evening in  a vegetarian restaurant
let's start again
i would like to go in a vegetarian restaurant
vegetarian food please 
i would like to eat vegetarian food 
let's start again 
i would like to eat in a vegetarian restaurant 
i would like to eat vegetarian food  
let's start again 
i would like to go in a italy restaurant
italian  food please
at saturday 
on monday please
do you have another restaurant please
vegetarian food please
i would like to eat dinner 
i would like to eat dinner
dinner 
breakfast
ten dollar
ten dollar
ten minutes please 
can i also eat breakfast at panini
let's start again
do you know a japanese restaurant
japanese food
at tuesday
ten dollar please
let's start again
let's start again
do you know a korean restaurant
i'm looking for a place with italian food
oh what day . what is the question
i'd like to go on a tuesday night
it doesn't matter how much money i spend
the money doesn't matter
i'm looking for an italian restaurant
 tell me about venezia
i would like more information about venezia
 i would like to hear more about venezia 
(l)-ike to see the list again
 tell me about caffe giovanni
let's start over
let's start over
i'm looking for a restaurant  for this sunday
i'm looking for a restaurant  for this sunday
it doesn't really matter
any kind of food is okay with me
i'd like to go at lunchtime
spend about thirty bucks
i can drive
i can go a mile
i can go a mile
i will walk less than a mile
it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter
 tell me more about augusta's
tell me more about augusta's
 tell me about augusta's
tell me about lilly's
 tell me about lilly's
what about restaurants that are not chinese
tell me  about  cafe fanny
let's start over
let's start over
i wanna go out to dinner on saturday night
 do you know any restaurants with jamaican food
do you know any restaurants with jamaican food
 what about restaurants with caribbean food
 do you know restaurants with caribbean food
 do you know restaurants with caribbean food
 i'm looking for a restaurant with caribbean food
 do you know restaurants with caribbean food oh 
 i wanna go on saturday night
 i want to go on saturday night
 i want to go on saturday night
i wanna go on saturday
 i want to go on saturday
i want to go on saturday night
only about five minutes
tell me about jupiter
tell me about jupiter
okay i'm looking for a sushi restaurant within walking distance of campus for about ten or fifteen dollars a plate . i'd like to go tonight friday night . for dinner
 let's start over
 find me a sushi restaurant within walking distance of campus . for ten or fifteen dollars a plate . on a friday night for dinner
give me additional information on sushi-ko
are there other japanese restaurants in the area
 let me know something about spats
does spats require you to call ahead for reservations
let's start over
tell me the best japanese restaurant anywhere
any day
any meal . i'm just concerned with finding the best restaurant
price is no object
i don't care how much money i have to spend
give me more information on sushi-sho
give me more information on joshu-ya 
tell me about joshu-ya
do you have any information on party sushi
let's start over i'd like to know about thai restaurants now
tell me about siam cuisine
tell me about . that berkeley thai house
show me the list of the thai restaurants again
okay tell me about the thai barbecue restaurant
does the fact that the dara doesn't appear on your list mean that you have no information on it
 let's start over show me a chinese restaurant for about ten or fifteen dollars a plate . close to campus for a weekend dinner
i said a chinese restaurant
tell me about the long life vegi house
show me the list again
tell me about . yangtze river 
tell me about yangtze river
let's go back to the list   let's go back to the list
tell me about hong-fu
okay tell me about hong-fu
tell me about another chinese restaurant
i want things that are
i'm interested in restaurants that are walking distance from campus
tell me all you know  about great china
let's start over i want a burger
tell me about this edy's place
tell me about the restaurant that's called edy-('s)
perhaps it's called edy's
to eat a burger at edy's
what types of food are available
give me more information about this i believe it's the nakapan
i'm interested in any distance
 . i don't care where
elmwood pharmacy what kind of place is that
show me a kosher deli
show me a greek restaurant
what's the gross national product and chief exports of south africa
i would like to have thai food
on friday
i'd like to have dinner
 i'd like to spend about  ten dollars
 i'm willing to travel about five miles
let's start over
have cambodian food
i wanted to eat cambodian food
on friday saturday or sund-(ay)
i'd like to spend about fifteen dollars
i'm willing to travel oh about twenty mile-(s)
what hours is cambodiana's
what are the business hours of cambodiana's
what are the hours of operation of cambodia-(na's)
where is sweet basil
where is sweet basil located
where is cha-am  located
what is the address of cha-am
i'd like to know about italian res-(taurants)
 how much does dinner cost at bucci's
how much would i pay for dinner at bucci's
does dinner at cafe vin cost
i'd like information on chez-panisse
i'd like to know about all the mediterranean restaurants in the
i'd like to have mediterranean food
i'd like to have mediterranean food
i'd like to know about all the greek re-(staurants)
let's start over
i'd like to know about all the mediterranean rest-(aurants)
i'd like to have mediterranean food
oh i'd like to eat there on wednesday
i'd like to spend  no more than twenty dollars
(d)-on't want to spend more than twenty dollars
i'm willing to travel no more than a half hour from i__-(c__s__i)
i don't want to travel more than a half hour
i'm willing to travel about thirty minutes or less from i__c__s-(_i)
 i'm willing to travel about an hour from i__c__s__i
(mu)-ch does dinner cost at lalime's
let's start over
what are all the indian restaurants
i'd like to have indian food
i'd like indian food
i'd like to eat indian food
(i')-d like to go there tonight
i want to spend about ten dollars
i'm willing to travel . about 
i'm willing to travel about three miles
i'd like to go to a new-mexican restaurant
  {} i don't care  . what day i eat but the restaurant must be within fifteen minutes of here 
i don't care what day   i eat
i don't care what day i eat
to eat tomorrow
like to eat lunch or dinner
i'd like to spend anything less than thirty dollars 
(wil)-ling to travel up to fifteen minutes from i__c__s__i 
any more than {} five miles from i__c__s__i 
within half a mile from i__c__-(s__i)
let's start over
within half a mile of icksee 
let's start over
i'd like to have
to go to a chinese restaurant 
i'd like to eat yesterday
i would like to eat yesterday
i would like to eat three weeks from next thursday 
eat all three meals at this 
i would like to pay one dollar and fifty nine cents for my meal 
i would like to eat breakfast 
i'm willing to walk five minutes 
i'm willing to drive five minutes
i am willing to drive five minutes
i'm  willing to pay thirteen bucks 
i'm willing to pay thirteen bucks
i'm willing to pay fourteen bucks 
like to eat any day 
i'm willing to pay twenty dollars
i am willing to pay twenty dollars 
anything twenty dollars or less would be fine
anything's okay as long as it's less than twenty dollars 
twenty dollars 
i'd like to go to an ethiopian restaurant 
i want to pay at least fifty dollars 
i want to pay exactly fifty dollars 
i'd like to pay sixty thousand pesos 
i'd like to eat anywhere in the bay area 
i'd like to eat dinner 
 oh it says recording that's right . oh i'd like to eat some mexican food
 italian i want mexican food
(i')-d like to eat tonight
i'd like dinner
i don't care
lots
well let's make it cheap
how about twenty dollars
oh about two miles
on the type of food i want mexican
on viva taqueria    let's see what are its hours
what time does viva taqueria close
let me see that list again
let's start over
i'd like to have some ethiopian food
(o)-pen on sunday
i'd like to go on sunday
to have dinner at that restaurant on sunday
let's start over
i'd like to try some malaysian food
let's start over
i'd like some malaysian food
(i')-d like to eat tonight
let's try lunch
oh about . twenty dollars
two miles
about three miles
(i')-d like some indonesian food
how about malaysian food
food from malaysia
what hours is it open
i want to know the hours of restoran-rasa-sayang
can you show me the previous restaurant again
see the malaysian restaurant
i want to eat food from malaysia
i want to eat food from malaysia
i want malaysian food
let's start over
i want to eat in rasa-sayang
okay i'll eat  thursday
i think  i'd like to eat lunch
oh about . five dollars 
i want it within a mile
what about volga . restaurant
okay thanks  
hi  i believe you're going to help me find a restaurant
vegetarian food
vegetarian . food
 . i would like to eat .  vegetarian food 
 i would like  vegetarian food
 i would like to eat on  a weekend
 i would like to eat on a sunday
a vegetarian meal
let's start over
i want to eat vegetarian food
i don't eat non-vegetarian
type of food i want is  . vegetarian
 i would like to have lunch
 i don't want on monday i would like it on a sunday
ten dollars
 i want chinese food
couple of miles
couple of miles
two miles
two . miles
don't you list vegi food
i want to eat in an inexpensive restaurant
i would prefer to eat at vegi food
let me switch over to indian  food
indian . food
indian food
information on sujatha's
sujatha
pasand
i would like to eat at sujatha's
let's start over
do you list indian food
indian food
on a weekday
a weekday
on a weekday
on a weekday
tuesdays
ten dollars
two miles
one mile
let's start over
i want to eat ethiopian food
but i want it to be vegetarian
vegetarian ethiopian
ethiopian vegetarian
dinner
one dollar
one
one dollar
hundred rupees
ten dollars
couple of miles
three miles
i don't eat pizza
no pizza
vegetarian
 do you have information on vegi food restaurant
how about buddhist food
buddhist
chinese
do you have  vegan food
do you have information on govinda's
information about 
howbout blue nile
 i want a nice restaurant
expensive restaurant
vegetarian
any vegetarian restaurants
cafe mar-mara
cafe mar-mara
the last restaurant in the list
christopher's cafe
thank you
(i')-d like some thai food
on tuesday
 i'd like to eat lunch 
no more than ten dollars
no more than ten blocks
which is the best one
which one has the best food
how about a french restaurant
(li)-ke to eat dinner on friday
i'd like a cambodian restaurant
is there a basque restaurant in berkeley
is there an indian restaurant on college avenue
 tell me about cafe pastoral
how much does chez-panisse cost
how about chez-panisse
how about your place thai restaurant
i want thai food
tell me about cha-am
(i')-d like to eat mexican food . west of campus
how far from icksee is juan's place
tell me about panini's
bye
 should i speak here . let's start
let's start over again
i'm looking for an italian restaurant in  downtown berkeley   around twenty dollars per person for dinner on monday night
i would like to spend about twenty dollars per person . and the distance from icksee should be around two miles
i'm looking for an italian restaurant
(i)-t doesn't matter
it does not matter
two miles
five miles
(s)-tart over again
(l)-ooking for a restaurant for lunch for less than five dollars
 i'm looking for any type of food
the type of the food  does not matter
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant 
i would prefer mexican food
how about ay-caramba
how about chez-panisse
i'm looking for italian coffee shops
 i'm looking for italian food
more than fifty dollars
more than fifty . dollars
fifty dollars
forty dollars
more than twenty five dollars
i'm willing to spend between ten to twenty five dollars
the cost of the meal should be between ten to twenty five
the cost should be between ten and twenty five dollars
i would like to go for dinner on sunday night
 i would like to go for dinner on sunday night
dinner on  sunday night
i would like to find a thai restaurant
i would like to eat on monday
i would like to eat lunch
 i would like to spend less than about twenty dollars
does plearn thai cuisine sell pad-thai noodle
what kind of soup do they have at nakapan
let's start over
where can i find good cheap french fries
i would like to eat on a weekday
i would like to eat on a weekday
let's start over
where can i get a good turkey  sandwich
eat on a weekday
i would like to eat on a wednesday
(woul)-d like to eat lunch and i would like to spend less than about five dollars
i'm willing to travel a few minute walk
i'm willing to travel about half a mile
where can i find good milkshakes . close to the university campus
let's start over
i would like to find a reasonably priced ice cream parlor
i would like to eat on a saturday
i would like to eat dinner
 i would like to spend less than about ten dollars
i'm willing to travel a few miles
i'm willing to travel at least five miles
i'm willing to travel five miles and i want ice cream
type of food i would like is ice cream
i would like the menu for edy's
let's start again
i would like apple pie
i would like to eat dessert
i would like to eat dessert
i would like to eat dessert on saturday
i would like to spend less than twenty dollars
i'm willing to travel ten miles
(l)-et's start again
let's start again
i would like to eat a cheeseburger and beer
i would like to eat a hamburger and drink a beer
let's start again
i would like to have fettucini for dinner
do you have any information on caffe giovanni
do you have any information on the stuffed inn
i would like to eat lunch at caffe giovanni
what is the price of lunch at the stuffed inn
i would like to eat sandwiches at the stuffed inn
i would like to spend less than ten dollars . at the stuffed inn
i'm willing to travel a few miles
i'm willing to travel a couple of miles
i'm willing to travel five miles
please show me more information about sandwiches a-go-go
let's start again
i would like to eat chinese food for lunch
like to eat lunch on thursday
i want to spend less than four dollars
i'm willing to travel half an hour
i'm willing to travel thirty minutes
please tell me more about yangtze river
let's start again
where can i get good pizza for cheap at lunch
i would like to eat on tuesday
(li)-ke to eat lunch for less than two dollars
i'm willing to travel about fifteen minutes
(l)-et's start again
let's start again
 spaghetti at la-val's
do they serve spaghetti at la-val's
would like to eat on thursday . for lunch
i want to spend less than six dollars . and walk twenty minutes or less
let's start again
where can i get cookies
i would like to buy a cookie
i would like a cook-(ie)
i would like some cake
i would like some cake
let's start again
i want to eat dessert
i would like to eat dessert
i would like to eat dessert
i would like to eat . dessert
i would like to eat dessert
type of food i would like to eat is dessert
let's start again
 i would like to eat  arab food
i would like to eat arabic food
i don't want chinese food
whatever
i don't care what day
you choose what day
sunday
five bucks
five dollars
i would like to spend five dollars
give me some information about edy's
i referred to edy's
please give me information about edy's
oh you can give me the list of restaurants
i would like to eat in edy's restaurant
i want to spend five dollars in edy's restaurant
the cost should be five dollars . maybe if we . really
distance should be wherever
i would like  .  food from the middle east . oh
mediterranean food would be good
i would like to eat lunch
 the cost would be . ten dollars
cost of ten dollars would be good
cost of ten bucks would be fine
i want to eat meal .  not meal lunch oh . bad
i want to eat lunch
the cost should be . ten bucks
i want to spend . ten dollars
i want twelve dollars
the distance is one hour
the distance should be . one hour
the distance should be five miles

i thought we might like italian food today
i'd like to have dinner
i don't wanna spend over twenty dollars
do you have any more questions to ask
let's spend a lot of money maybe fifty dollars tonight
let's go to a restaurant that's fairly close maybe a mile or less
tell me some restaurants that are on university avenue
can you tell me some restaurants that are about two miles from i__c__s__i
what do they serve at spats
do you know anything about venezia on university
what is venezia's address
where is the ristorante venezia located
have you heard of the cafe mediterraneum
when is the caffe nefeli open
do they take reservations at the caffe nefeli
could you tell me some restaurants on telegraph avenue
how many minutes is cha-am on shattuck from i__c__s__i
could you tell me what thai restaurants are in berkeley
when is the berkeley thai house open
could you tell me something about the international house cafe
could you tell me something about la-val's on northside
la-val's has a restaurant on euclid . could you tell me something about it
do you have anything listed about venezia on university
when is spats open
what hours is spats open
is spats on shattuck avenue
do you have information about brewed awakening the coffeehouse
when is the triple rock brewery open for dinner
how late is spats open on weeknights
why is spats called a landmark
could you tell me when cha-am is open at cedar and shattuck
how much does dinner cost at cha-am
are there any restaurants that have . lasagna
what does cafe milano serve as food
where is the cafe mediterraneum
where is the cafe med
where is chez-panisse . ah
when is la-val's open
where is caffe nefeli
is caffe nefeli hard to understand
where is caffe nefeli located
when is the international house cafe open
where is the i-house cafe located
how far is the international house cafe from the . international computer science institute
do you have any restaurants to recommend
when is the yangtze river restaurant open
i would walk three miles for thai food
could you give me a list of thai restaurants in berkeley
which thai restaurants serve lunch in berkeley
i would pay fifty dollars at a thai restaurant
i would pay fifty dollars at a thai restaurant
i would pay fifty dollars at a thai restaurant
when is berkeley thai house open
 well i'm a vegetarian but my father is  a meat eater so  he's coming next week so we need a restaurant that has both . if you think that can be managed
 well i'm mainly worried about  dinner on tuesday . not so much lunch as dinner
okay let's try it again not monday tuesday not breakfast dinner
not lunch dinner
okay distance doesn't matter but we want a nice place
isn't the chez-panisse very expensive
show me the list again
tell me about the chez-panisse cafe
okay that's too expensive
go back to the list before
show me the list again
any price is okay
let's start again
okay i want to go to dinner with my father on tuesday night . i'm vegetarian but he's not
dinner tuesday vegetarian
 not mexican any kind of food
 anywhere in east bay
vegetarian . not steak 
under thirty dollars
under twenty dollars
less than twenty dollars
cost less than twenty dollars
under fifteen dollars
tuesday night and under ten dollars
tell me about petrouchka
tell me about petrouchka
show me the list again
what about joshu-ya
where is a quick place for lunch
close to icksee
more about panini
how about french food for wednesday night
tell me more
tell me about la tour eiffel
no french food please
i want to eat a hamburger
i want to eat a hamburger
today
i would like to eat breakfast
i would like to travel within walking distance
i would like information on edy's
show me that list again
show me that list again
show me information on the second restaurant
show me information on edy's
show me that list again
show me information on au-coquelet
show me information on au-coquelet
show me information about au-coquelet
show me information on edy's
show me information about edy's
show me information about au-coquelet
let's start again
i want to eat barbecue
i want to eat next wednesday
i'd like to eat dinner
i'd be willing to travel within berkeley
i'd travel within berkeley
i would travel within berkeley
no more than five miles
no more than five miles
let's start over
i'd like to eat barbecue
i'd like to eat saturday
i'd like to eat dinner
i'd spend twenty dollars
i'd travel within walking distance
let's start over
i want to eat junk food
i want to eat junk food 
(l)-et's start over
i want to eat at a greasy spoon diner
i want to eat at a greasy spoon diner
i want to eat greasy food
i want to eat indian food
on christmas
on thanksgiving
i want to eat on easter day
i want to eat . on saturday
i want to eat indian food
fifty dollars total
twenty five dollars total
i'd spend twenty five  dollars total
i'd spend twenty dollars
i want to eat indian food
i want to eat thai food not indian food
i want to eat indian food
i don't want to go far
not far
not more than ten minutes' walking distance
give me information on shilpa
 
south american
it doesn't matter 
lunch
about five dollars
five blocks
i'd like to know more about meal ticket
let's start over
i'd like to know about peruvian restaurants
let's start over
(i')-d like to find out about restaurants that sell sandwiches
(i')-d like to eat sandwiches
on the weekend
on saturday or sunday
i'd like to eat lunch
under ten dollars
three blocks
start over
i'd like to see a list of russian restaurant-(s)
russian food
russian food
russian food
on monday
twenty five dollars
it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter
i don't care 
it doesn't matter
it does not matter to me
anywhere is okay
start over
russian food
russian food
i'd like to eat russian food
either monday or tuesday
dinner
unlimited
i have no limit
i have no limit on how much money
it doesn't matter to me
that doesn't matter either
show me the screen for petrouchka
let's start over 
i'd like to see a list of restaurants where i can eat breakfast
any day is fine
less than ten dollars
not more than ten minutes away
i'd like to know more about mel's
no that wasn't it i'd like to know more about mel's
i'd like to know about mel's
tell me about mel's
tell me about mel's
tell me about mel's
tell me about mel's
okay let's try mel's diner
start over
are there any polish restaurants
i'd like to eat polish food
polish food
polish food
polish food
polish food
polish food
food from poland
australian
not austrian australian
start over
i'd like to eat australian food
any day
any meal
any amount
 i would like to eat a vegetarian meal
 you didn't understand me i wanted to eat a  *veggie* one .  vegetarian
 about monday
i would like to eat a *veggie* one not  german food . my type of food is veggie
i would like to eat a dinner
i would like  to eat dinner
 i would like to eat  vegetarian food . and it's a dinner one
i can go about ten miles from i__c__s__i
what they're serving in  siam cuisine
 how about start over
just start over
start over . 
start over
i would like to eat an italian meal
i would like to eat an italian meal
i want an italian . not a thai meal
i would like to eat an italian
italian
i would like to eat pasta
i want to eat mediterranean meal
i want to eat an italian meal from italy
i would like to eat lasagna
i want to eat lasagna spaghetti pasta
i could spend ten dollars
i want to eat sunday breakfast
 what is the menu in cafe vin
 do you have . a restaurant for five dollar a person
 something closer to i__c__s__i
i want to eat tuesday . dinner . with  five dollars
i would like to eat . chinese food
distance from i__c__s__i can be ten miles
can you give me information about cafe vin
do you have any restaurants near kensington
do you have greek food
 i would like to eat in monday . lunch
could you give me information about soup kitchen heike
i would like to eat  a minestrone soup
i want to eat a good soup
i want to eat french food
could you give me information .  about la tour eiffel
i want to eat a french meal . in monday
i'd like to eat  thai food today
 i'm willing to travel about half a mile from i__c__s__i
i'm willing to travel about half a mile from i__c__s__i
i'm willing to travel two miles from i__c__s__i
 i would like to go not too far from i__c__s__i
the restaurant should be very close  to i__c__s__i  
i would like to eat indian food
i'd like to eat lunch
i would like some  information about pasand . madras cuisine
i'm interested in eating  ethiopian food today
i am willing to walk half an hour from i__c__s__i
i'd like to eat ethiopian food today
yes i would like some information on the blue nile . 
do you have any vietnamese *restaurants* in your database
do you have any vietnamese *restaurants* in your database
vietnamese food sounds like fun 
is there a burger place around
i would like to eat a burger today
i'd like  to eat a hamburger
hamburger sounds nice
 i would like to eat a cake
is there a cajun restaurant around
 i'd like to eat seafood
i'd like to eat sushi tonight
could i have some more information about kirala
 i'd like to to go to a coffee place
i'd like to get a coffee
what about coffee
i'd like some  more information about la tour eiffel
i'd like to eat . at . la tour eiffel
i'd like to eat a soup and a salad
soup and salad
i would like to eat chinese food
i would like to eat tomorrow
i would like to go for lunch
the restaurant should be in a distance of half a mile
the meal should cost up to fifteen dollars
i would like . to go for lunch
start over
please start over again
i would like to get breakfast
i would like to get american food
the restaurant could be in a distance of one mile
the restaurant could be in a distance of one mile from icksee
can you give me further information on cafe durant
start over again
i would like to get thai food
i would like to go for dinner
i would like to go on saturday
can you give me further information on nakapan
the restaurant should be in a distance of one half of a mile from icksee
the distance from icksee should be less than ten minutes
i would like to get thai food
i would like to go for dinner
i would like to go for dinner
i would like to get dinner
i would like to go for lunch
i would like . to eat this evening
the meal could cost up to ten bucks
the meal could cost up to ten dollars
the price of the meal should be less than fifteen dollars
i would like to get german food
i would like german food
give me an idea  where i can get german food
the distance  from icksee should be less than twenty minutes
i would like to go on sunday evening
i would like german food
the restaurant should be in a distance of one mile from icksee
i would like to get mexican food
give me information on norteno's
i would like to go on monday morning
i would like american food
the price should be less than five bucks
the restaurant should be no further away than five blocks
the restaurant should be within five blocks from icksee
the distance from icksee should be less than one half of a mile
the price could be up to twenty bucks
the price could be up to twenty dollars
i would like german food
 chinese food would be fine
i would like to eat within a range of twenty minutes
i like to eat chinese food
i'd like not to spend more than twenty dollars
i'd like to spend less than twenty dollars
i'd like to eat on a friday night
i want to eat on a friday night
i want to eat on a saturday night
i like to eat on a sunday 
i'd like to eat on a sunday
i like to eat at the long life vegi house 
what other restaurants do you have
i would like to eat at lox stock and bagel
i want to go to *mel's diner*   shit 
i want to eat american food
i want to be at the restaurant within fifteen minutes
i would like to have dinner at *jupiter*
i would like to eat american food
i'd like to eat at fat apple's
i'd like to eat at tambo cafe
i want to eat at saul's deli
i want to eat at grace cafe
i want to eat american food
what can i eat at spats
i'd like to eat there on saturday
i want to eat on a  monday
what do you have . in less than ten minutes
how about lunch at caffe giovanni
i want to eat on a tuesday
a tuesday night would be fine
i want to eat on a wednesday 
i want to pay less than fifteen dollars
i want to pay less than fifteen dollars
how about indian food
indian food would be fine 
i want to eat at an indian place
do you understand . cambodian food
 i want to eat . on a saturday
i really want to eat on a saturday
i want to reach the restaurant within ten minutes
i want indian food
indian food 
an indian place
do you have persian restaurants
i want to eat persian food
how about russian food
i wanted russian food
may i have the menu please
i want to have lunch on a sunday
please give me a sunday
can you give me a saturday as well
saturday . please
a saturday please . what is wrong with my days
 i like a tuesday
i like a wednesday
 start over right
 i would like to have some french food
for this friday
how about dinner 
 around a hundred bucks  you gotta be kidding 
 how about around one hundred dollars
one hundred
how about fifty bucks
fifty dollars
 *chez-panisse*
 *chez*-panisse 
i would like to have some chinese food 
 i would like to  know some information of yangtze river restaurant
 i want to know some information about  jade garden
how about some italian food
i want italian food
i prefer italian food
say i would like to spend about an hour 
i wanna eat on next  monday
i want it to be within . thirty minutes of walk
okay i want some indian food
 i want some . indian food
i want . to have some . taiwan food
okay  .  i want to  th- let's see my god  i want to eat on tuesday
 i want the *distance* of restaurant to be within . thirty minutes of walk
 i want the meal cost no more than . one hundred dollars
i wanna eat lunch instead
italian food not cuban
i want some italian food .  so i guess it will catch the last 
i want italian food
i want to go to *chez-panisse*
i want to go to chez-panisse
i want to go to japanese restaurant
the *distance* of the restaurant should be within forty minutes . of walk
want to eat on . thursday and the meal is dinner
i want to know more about the sushi-sho
okay  do you have spanish food around here
okay i can walk say one hundred and twenty minutes from i__c__s__i
 be within sixty minutes of
any place and any price will do
any place will do
any place
 anywhere
anywhere
 i wanna eat some israel food
i wanna go to shin-shin restaurant
i wanna go to shin-shin   chinese restaurant
i wanna go to mcdonald
i wanna eat mcdonald
i wanna go to  *carl's*-jr. 
i wanna go to . kentucky fried chicken
i wanna go to yen-ching  chinese restaurant
to know more about sun-hong-kong
i want an in-(dian)
indian
thai food
friday
lunch
not more than ten dollars
two miles
two miles
two miles
about the plearn thai c(uisine)
let's start over
pizza
pizza
pizza
i want pizza
friday
dinner
 seven dollars
 less than ten minutes
let's start over
i want to eat indian food
any day
dinner
 ten dollars
any time
i want to eat indian cuisine
i want indian food
i want indian food
i want indian food 
i want indian food
more than ten minutes
i want indian food
indian food is what i want 
indian
 fifteen dollars
ten dollars
less than ten minutes 
less than ten min-(utes)
ten minutes
shilpa
i want information about shilpa
ten dollars
give me additional information about shilpa
information about shilpa
give me information about shilpa
i want . for lunch some chinese food
i would like to go on monday
should not cost more than ten dollars
i would like to go for about five minutes
let's start over
(l)-et's start over
i want to go to an italian restaurant
{(shoul)-d} not cost more than . eight dollars
i would like to go there on saturday evening
 i would like italian food
i want to go to an italian restaurant
i want to eat italian food
  i want to go there so . in about fifteen minutes
 for dinner
i want to eat some american food
i would like to go on tuesday
i would like to get some more information . about . tambo cafe
i would like to get some information . about . tambo cafe
i would like to get . more information about
i would like some american food
 i want some american food
i want some more information about lox stock and bagel
i want some mexican food
it should not cost more than . fifteen dollars
i want to go to taco bell
i want some cambodian food
i want some more information about . the . the cambodiana's
i want to go to mcdonald
i want to go to mcdonald
i want some german food
i  want to go to a german restaurant
i want to go to an asian restaurant
wanted to go to a german restaurant
i want some german food
i want some indian food
i want to go for dinner
i want . some
i want to go to a french restaurant
i want some .  american food
i want to go for dinner
i want to go less than . ten minutes
i want some persian food
i want some more information about oriental food to go
i want to go to another asian restaurant
i want to go to a russian restaurant
i want to go to a thai restaurant
i want to walk less than one mile
i want to go for dinner
i want to go for dinner
i want to go to a russian restaurant
i want some more information about fat slice pizza
indian food 
(s)-ome indian food
i always go out on tuesdays
i always go out on tuesdays
    i want  some lunch
i want to spend about five dollar
i want to spend about five doll-(ars)
i want to spend about five dollars
it should be within walking distance
best food at pasand madras cuisine
oh okay   what is the best food at pasand madras cuisine
what is the best food at pasand madras cuisine
let's start again
please tell me a good german restaurant
i want to eat some german food please
do you know a german restaurant please
do you know  an european restaurant
any day of the week
to to eat at a european restaurant
every day of the week
should cost about six dollars
sundays
on sundays
i want to eat on sundays
i can travel about five miles
{(wha)-t} country is represented by petrouchka
what type of food do you get at petrouchka
let's start again
i'm looking for some chinese food
every day of the week
i want to eat there on every day of the week
i want to eat there . on any day of the week
want to spend up to ten dollars
 how far away it
what are the specialties at rich- potsticker
i'm looking for an italian restaurant
i'd like to eat some  pasta and  meat and vegetables
i prefer on wednesday
i would like to eat seafood
the distance should be at most twenty kilometers
at most twenty kilometers
at most twelve miles
i would like to spend twenty dollars
i would like to pay twenty dollars
not more than twenty dollars
next sunday
dinner
twenty dollars
eighteen dollars
twenty five dollars
twenty five
nineteen . dollars
twelve
fifteen bucks
what kind of seafood . has .  . spats restaurants
i would like to know some dishes of venezia restaurant
some dishes of venezia restaurant
i would like to know the name of some seafood restaurants
please the names of some seafood restaurants
what is the best dish of spenger's
please go to the other seafood restaurants
i would like some information on chez-panisse restaurant
some information on expensive restaurants
please give me a list of expensive restaurants
chez-panisse restaurant
some seafood restaurants please
i would like to go to some expensive restaurants
please give me the list of the other seafood restaurants
i would like to spend . twenty five bucks
i want to pay twenty five dollars
where is jefferson street
may i have a list of dishes
i want to go to a restaurant in the night
where is jefferson street
where is jefferson street 
is the food good
in le cheval restaurant is the food spicy
some chinese restaurant please
great china restaurant please
is the food spicy
some french restaurants please
some french restaurants
french restaurants
german restaurants
(a)-frican restaurants
african restaurants
ethiopian restaurants
 i want to go to the restaurant in the night
 food  . food
i'd like to eat italian food
i'd like to eat on monday
i'd like to eat breakfast
i want to spend two dollars 
i want to spend three dollars
i'm going to travel . two miles
i'm going . to travel . two miles
i am willing to travel four miles
i want to eat italian food
i'd like to eat chinese food
i'd like to at lunch
i want to eat at dinner
i want to spend ten dollars
let's start over
i want . english food
i wanna eat . american food
i'd like to eat american food
i want to eat american food
i want to eat american food
chinese
american
american food
i want american food
i want   okay
i wanna have american food
i want to eat on sundays
i want to eat korean food
i want to eat italian food
i don't want to spend very much mon-(ey)
i want to spend four dollars
expensive
one hour from icksee oh not icksee .  i must say i__c__s__i  yes no
i'm looking for a really good greek restaurant in berkeley
saturday
how about a nice lunch
i said l- no lunch
start over please
i'd like to go out to a nice greek restaurant . something not too flashy not too simple
saturday afternoon
ten miles round trip
ten miles
start over
let's try vegetarian this time
tonight
the second meal
the second meal
lunch
no more than thirty dollars
thirty miles round trip
start over
okay what have you got on vietnamese cuisine
tomorrow evening
being  that i am as poor as they come  i would say about twenty bucks for the whole meal
 *taqueria* cancun can you tell me more about that
  what's the cheapest japanese food around here
how about indian cuisine
look at shilpa
shilpa
 tell me about shilpa 
 do you have any information about new delhi junction
how about  more expensive restaurants 
 okay i'm interested in any restaurant in any area 
 okay  distance doesn't matter 
what vietnamese restaurants do you have
 i want vietnamese food
 i want food from vietnam
i would like some dim-sum
tell me about sun-hong-kong
 can you tell me what restaurants are open after midnight
i want any kind of food anywhere any day
 i don't care about cost
i want cheap food 
 i want inexpensive food 
i want any type of food and  the price doesn't matter
i want to spend five dollars 
 i want any kind of food after midnight
any type of food 
chinese 
how about american
look at jupiter 
really good pizza 
i can spend over ten dollars
i'm interested in lunch and dinner
 i want pizza 
tell me about lococo's
do you have any restaurants  serving california cuisine
 can i have more information about that restaurant
 cafe bistro
i want restaurants anywhere
i want to spend a lot of money
 tell me about lalime's
 okay thank you for the information 
tell me more about cafe vin 
tell me about cafe vin 
 tell me about cafe vin 
tell me about cafe vin
i'm looking for any kind of restaurant for brunch
i want a  restaurant that serves any type of food for brunch
i want any type of food
want to go for brunch
i want to e-(at)
brunch
do you know of any vietnamese restaurant-(s)
what about california
i want an inexpensive restaurant 
i want a cheap restaurant
i want an
i want an indian restaurant
i want to eat lunch
i don't care about the cost
are there any kosher restaurants
i like vegetarian food
i want a restaurant that serves only vegetarian food
i want a restaurant within twenty minutes
tell me about christopher's cafe
i want brunch
i want to have brunch
are there any bakeries here
are there any indonesian restaurants here
what about for dinner
what about any distance from i-(cksee)
what about any distance from icksee
i want any type of food any distance for breakfast
i want to have any type of food
i want to eat any kind of food
i want american food
i want something within fifteen minutes of icksee
tell me about continental garden
i don't care about the type of food
i don't care about the kind of food
i do not want thai food
not thai food
i want to go to a cafe
tell me about the westside bakery
tell me about bette's bakeshop
tell me about bette's bakeshop
bette's bakeshop
i would like to go to a south american restaurant for dinner
tell me about cafe violeta
i would like to eat brazilian food
i would like to eat brazilian foo-(d)
i want to eat greek food
i want to eat lunch
i want to eat dim-sum
i want to eat dinner
tell me about hong-kong east ocean
show me the restaurant list again
tell me about lantern restaurant
tell me about lantern res-(taurant)
what can you tell about spats
i'd like to have lunch on thursday
i don't want to spend more than fifteen dollars
it should be within fifteen minutes
tell me more about nakapan
can i see a menu
i am disappointed that i cannot see a menu
oh
i'd like to have chinese food tonight
start over
can i have some information on chinese food
i would like to eat on wednesday 
i would like to have breakfast
the breakfast should not cost more than eight dollars
i don't want to be further away from i__c__s__i  than fifteen minutes
can you give me information on hong-kong villa
can i see the menu
i'd like to know more about hong-kong villa
i'd like to know more about hong-kong villa
i'd like to know more about hong-kong villa
how about hong-kong villa
tell me more about some indian food
start over
what restaurants can i go to in berkeley
i'd like to have iranian food
iranian food
i'd like to have dinner on friday
i can spend only ten dollars
i can spend ten dollars for a dinner
what is caffe giovanni like
what's caffe giovanni like
i'd like to have american food
tell me about saul's deli
i'd like to have italian food
what can you tell me about bucci's
what can you tell about spats
start over
hello my name is bill
start over
i'm interested in eating chinese food  actually  i'm interested in a good vegetarian chinese food restaurant  around berkeley
i would like to eat chinese food
i would like to have lunch on a saturday afternoon
i would like to spend ten dollars on lunch
i would like to go maybe one mile away from i__c__s__i
does hong-kong villa have .   dim-sum on sunday mornings
start over
i'd like to have some mexican food . for lunch this afternoon
i would like to eat on tuesday afternoon
i want to spend six dollars and i would like the restaurant to be within two miles of icksee
does manuel's have chips and salsa
does taqueria de berkeley have margaritas
 the list of mexican restaurants
show me the list of cuban foods
let me see the list of cu-
let me see the list of cuban restaurants
start over
can you suggest a good italian restaurant
i would like to go out for dinner on   friday night
i want to spend no more than thirty dollars for two people
i am looking for italian food
i am willing to travel five miles
i want to see oliveto's menu
i would like to see bucci's menu
i would like to go to an italian restaurant that is within one mile of  i__c__s__i
i would like to go to an italian restaurant
i would like to see a dinner menu please
caffe giovanni have fettucini alfredo
i would like italian food
do you have a menu from caffe giovanni
do you have a menu   from spats
can you show me the list of restaurants again
can you show me the menu from lococo's restaurant
does venezia have spaghetti
i would like to spend only five dollars
could  you show me the list again
can you show me the list for ten dollar restaurants
do i have to make reservation at caffe giovanni
start over
start over
can i get a list of oh indian restaurants in berkeley
i would like to eat indian food
i would like to eat indian food
i would like to eat out on a weekend
i would like to eat on weekends
i would like to eat on saturday
i would like to go out for dinner
i would like to spend fifteen dollars
i can travel up to thirty minutes by bus
i can travel up to fifteen minutes
can i get more information about shilpa
i want more information about shilpa
can you print the list of restaurants again
can i get more information about the first restaurant
i want more information about sujatha's
i want more information about sujatha's
i would like to have indian food
i would like indian food
i would like to spend twenty dollars
i would like to spend twenty dollars
i would like to spend fifteen dollars
i'd like to spend thirty dollars
the restaurant should be less than thirty minutes from i__c__s__i
the restaurant should be less than forty minutes from i__c__s__i
the restaurant should be less than one hour from i__c__s__i
i want more information about shilpa
i would like to have  chinese food
the restaurant should be less than forty five minutes  from i__c__s__i
the restaurant should be less than forty minutes from i__c__s__i
i want more information about great china
can i see the list again
i want more information about oriental food to go
can i see the list again
can i get more information about long life vegi house
what about mexican food
i would like to go on sunday
i want more information about manuel's
i want more information about cafe durant
i would like to eat hamburgers
i would like to eat burgers
i would like to eat thai food
i want lunch on tuesday
i would like chinese food on wednesday . for dinner  .  i would like to spend thirty dollars
i'd like to go to lunch in an thai restaurant
what i really meant is that i want to go to a thai restaurant not taiwan
i would like to go on monday
i would like to have lunch
i would like to eat lunch
so i would like to go for dinner on monday
i think i could spend up to ten dollars
i would like to  know more about plearn thai cuisine
i'd like to know what kind of drinks they have at the   plearn thai cuisine
i would like to go back to the list of thai restaurants you gave me before
can you tell me more about the first restaurant on this list
i'd like to go back to the list of restaurants you gave me before
please tell me about the italian restaurants in about     five to ten minutes walk from i__c__s__i
please tell me more about bucci's
 i would like to know about what i could eat in this restaurant
what else can you tell me about this restaurant
can you tell me about any brazilian restaurant  i__c__s__i
which of these restaurants do you recommend
how much would it cost me to go for lunch at oliveto's
i would like to go out for dinner today 
start over
i would like to go out for dinner today
dinner
up to ten dollars
five or six blocks
would i need a reservation for these restaurants
please give me additional information on nakapan  
please return to the list of thai restaurants you gave me before
can tell me more about taqueria cancun
start over
are there any brazilian restaurants nearby . i try again 
brazilian
it's brazilian not british food that i want 
tomorrow i want to go to lunch  
start over
tomorrow i want to go to lunch
i said lunch before
i want to try something new
i want to eat something from the far east
i would like to have malaysian
i want to spend at most eight dollars
i try again . eight dollars
so let's say only seven dollars 
i want to go on foot
what do you think about six dollars
i want to spend at most five dollars  
what type of food serves cafe durant
i want to eat some hot food
this is same than spicy
the walking distance be not more than ten minutes
i want to go tomorrow and this is friday
i want to go for lunch not for dinner
what is the best
i'll go to taqueria cancun
what about taqueria cancun
i want to go for lunch
i want to eat malaysian food
i like malaysian food
tomorrow i have time to go thirty minutes
the restaurant can be forty minutes away
 vegetarian food
vegetarian food is food without meat
so i go forty minutes
start over
start over
do you know a malaysian restaurant
so let's take some thai food
i want to go on sunday for dinner
i want to go any distance you like
i can try  my car
one hour would be the maximum
do you know some ten dollar foods
i want to spend at most ten dollars
i want to pay at most ten dollars
i like to eat chinese food today
i'm going for dinner
 about ten dollars
not more long fifteen minutes
how expensive is it
what about italian food
where can i eat pizza
where can i have italian food tonight
are there any good italian restaurants within ten minutes from here
what do you know about caffe giovanni
can i make a reservation
i would like to make a reservation at caffe giovanni's for tonight
do i need to make a reservation
what about greek food
where can i go for coffee
tell me about the musical offering
do they also make food there
today i would like to eat sushi
do you know of any good japanese restaurants
what if i am prepared to walk a lot
where can i find mediterranean restaurants in berkeley
are there any mediterranean restaurants
what about korean food
how expensive is kirala
how much does it cost to eat there
start over
should i try again
i'd like to go for coffee
i'd like to go for pizza
i'm going for dinner on saturday
today
less than ten dollars
i can go anywhere in berkeley
i can go far .  let's see-
not more than half an hour
about thirty minutes
i don't mind walking twenty minutes
what about cafe nefeli
do they make pizza there
i like thai food
where is won thai cuisine
tell me about thai barbecue
where can i have breakfast
start over
where can i have breakfast
i won't try american
i want to eat now
i want to eat today
i have a lot of money
i don't mind going far
i want to have american breakfast today
i want to find a cheap place
i would like to know about the maxim cafe
show me the list again
what do you know about the brick hut
what other meals do they serve
start over
start over
do you have any information about *mediterranee*
i want to eat at the *mediterranee* today
start over
where can i have mediterranean food today
mediterranean food
what about middle eastern food
i want middle eastern food
do you know anything in college avenue
do you know any restaurants in college avenue
i want to go for lunch
about sixty dollars
start over
i want to have american food tonight
i want american food
about ten to . about ten to fifteen dollars
about ten dollars
not more than ten minutes
what do you know about sizzler
how are you doing
start over
how are you doing
well i'm wondering to get some mexican food
i would like to go out for dinner tomorrow noon
i would like to go out for dinner tomorrow noon
i would like to have dinner at tuesday noon
not that much
okay below ten bucks
no more than ten bucks
   i have to say it again okay
please could you give me more information about the cafe durant
do you have any restaurant in your system which serves german food
please could you give me information about any restaurants in the bay area who serves german food
i would like to have a german food . do you have any informations
german food
okay what's with italian food
well its a pretty good weather and i would prefer restaurant close to the berkeley marina . could you help me
okay how smart are you
 i'm looking for real cheap . lunch could you help me 
i'm looking for a real cheap lunch 
the restaurant could be in a distance of  thirty minutes 
so within thirty minutes 
i'm looking for mexican food   
thank you good bye and start over 
start over . please
start over 
so i would like to eat  lunch tomorrow in walking distance around i__c__s__i about . ten minutes
the food does not matter but the cost are important i don't want to spend more money than five dollars
that's too much  i wanna  to spend less than five dollars because sixty dollars is    too much for lunch  i  think   i  prefer  paying so much for dinner
i want to spend less than five dollars
i want to have lunch tomorrow
i prefer european food
oh  i  . increase the walking distance i can go fifteen minutes from i__c__s__i
what  mexican food
next week on wednesday i would like to go to chez-panisse
i am looking for restaurants with original californian food
start over
start over
start over 
start over
i would like to visit restaurants with california cuisine
 i would like to eat on friday for dinner
doesn't matter
oh it doesn't matter either
it doesn't matter
i want to get more information about chez-panisse cafe
how can i see the list of restaurants again
please show me the list of restaurants again
(d)-oesn't matter
the price is not important
the price can range from five to thirty dollars
show me something about christopher's cafe
what is  the other restaurants
show me again the list of restaurants matching  the query
the kind of food is california . on friday .  for dinner  . distance  . and costs . don't matter
i want to eat on friday
show me more information about brit-marie's
can you give me a  list of  restaurants around  i__c__s__i  in walking distance  twenty to twenty five minutes
    list for me  restaurants in walking distance twenty minutes
the type of food does not matter
i want to try german food
the distance doesn;t matter
i want to eat german food and the distance doesn't matter
the distance doesn't matter
distance is unimportant
i want to eat german food
the type of food doesn't matter but the best would be *asian*
start over
give me information about indian food
i want to have dinner . and i want to have indian food
i want indian food
the day and the distance don't matter
price doesn't matter
from five to fifty dollars
i want indian food
i want indian food
i want french food
i want . eat lunch
i would like to have information about restaurants around icksee
the kind of food does not matter
i want to eat italian food
give me information about bucci
mexican food right now somewhere nearby -
i'd like mexican food . under five dollars
i'd like it right now
tell me about ay-caramba
make it lunch
where can i get  a carne asada burrito
where can i get a burrito
where can i get a cinnamon roll
i'd like a cinnamon roll
cinnamon roll
i'd like some dessert
mexican food i'd like dessert
i'd like american food
where can i get desserts
desserts
-me about edy's
tell me about edy's
tell me about edy's
edy's
where can i get malts
where can i get shakes
i'd like ice cream
twenty minutes from icksee
anywhere
i'd like to have lunch near the bart station
i'd like to have lunch near the bart station
are there any places near the bart station
i'd like to have american food near the bart station
tell me about meal ticket
i'd like to have breakfast
tell me about au-coquelet
i'd like to have breakfast tomorrow on shattuck
tell me about au-coquelet
start over
i would like to have indian food . the restaurant should be located nearby  i__c__s__i
i would like to go tomorrow to an indian restaurant nearby  i__c__s__i
i would like to eat tomorrow and the type of food i prefer is indian food
i intend to spend less than ten bucks
i intend to spend less than ten dollar
you're wrong in the sense that  i am not  looking  for a thai restaurant but for an indian restaurant 
      the restaurant should be located nearby
the type of food i prefer is      the cost should be less than eight dollar  .   i intend to go tomorrow  for lunch
since i'm very hungry i intend to have a comprehensive meal that costs less than eight dollar
i would like to have indian food
i would like to have indian food
i would like to eat indian food
i would like to have indian food
i would like to eat tomorrow for lunch
i would like to eat indian lunch
i would like to eat indian lunch
i would like to eat indian lunch
the lunch can cost between twenty
the lunch might cost between ten and twenty dollar
i would like to eat german lunch
i would like to have a german meal up to twenty dollar
start over
i would like to eat german lunch tomorrow
like to eat chinese food
i would like to .  eat on friday
it should be   around one mile
actually i'd like french food
it should be around twenty dollars
oh i would like to have french food
for dinner
not more than twenty dollars
it should be no more than fifty bucks
start over  
start over
i'd like to have japanese food
it should be a sunday . if possible
it should be around ten blocks from i__c__s__i  and  should not cost more than twenty dollars
it should be around ten blocks  from i__c__s__i  and should not cost more than twenty dollars
about twenty dollars
around ten blocks from i__c__s__i
it can cost up to thirty dollars
can i see the menu
not cost more than twenty dollars
not cost more than twenty dollars
not cost more than twenty dollars
actually  i'd like to go for  italian food
i would like to spend about ten dollars and it should be on a sunday
maybe a little bit further away maybe up to two miles
the price should be about twenty bucks
i will spend thirty dollars
what do you know about lococo's restaurant
that's not an italian restaurant 
can you tell me something about lococo's restaurant
i would like to know what oliveto's is serving
what do you know about vietnamese food
actually i would like to go for  an italian restaurant   about ten  minutes from i__c__s__i  and it should  not cost  no more  than twenty dollars
you have some information on caffe giovanni's
start over
what do you know about european food in berkeley
it should be on a sunday or on a friday and the cost does not matter 
i would like a european restaurant
like to go for dinner
what do you know about chez-panisse
not cost more than five dollars
show me the last item again and it should not cost more than five dollars
actually it was chez-panisse which is an american restaurant
and the cost doesn't matter
the price doesn't matter
like to go on a saturday evening and i would like to spend up to fifty dollars
are there any more restaurants
okay let's go back to the previous selection and it should be around thirty dollars
i just realized it should be exactly thirty dollars
what do you have around forty five dollars
no actually i meant forty five dollars
okay tell me something about tambo cafe
okay go back to the previous list
so the type of food should be american food and it should cost about thirty to forty bucks
again it should be american food and cost about  thirty to forty dollars
okay the type of food should be american
it should be up to twenty minutes from i__c__s__i  and  the cost  no more than fifty dollars
the walking distance should be no more than thirty minutes from  i__c__s__i
might be up to ten blocks away from  i__c__s__i
and on a sunday evening
actually i like thai food
it should cost around ten dollars
should cost around  twenty five dollars
it should cost around fifteen dollars
let's now switch to american food
actually can cost  up to forty five dollars
again it should be american food and cost  up to forty five dollars
it should cost no more than sixty dollars
what about restaurants that cost up to seventy dollars
actually i would spend sixty five dollars
no sixty five
i really like to spend up to one hundred dollars
start over
i'm not very hungry and i would like to have some ethiopian food  for less than five dollars
it should be on a wednesday and in walking distance
oh i have to . breakfast
the price range may *vary* between ten to twenty dollars
what about lunch
i'd like to have lunch at the  thai restaurant
actually  i meant lunch
i'm really hungry and i'd like to have some lunch
okay i would  like to know everything on the plearn thai cuisine
can you give me any directions
it's still thai food and it    can cost even more
the price might be higher
i'd like to go to a place where they serve spicy food and wine
i'd like to have spicy food and wine
i'd like spicy food
i'd like to drink some wine
i really want to drink wine
start over
i'd like to have some very spicy food on sunday
oh i meant .  spicy food
i'd like to have something very spicy for breakfast
around twenty dollars
doesn't matter
one thousand miles
one thousand steps
up to one billion steps
still no more than thousand steps
no more than thousand blocks
it should be no more than two hundred and thirty five blocks
can be up to ten blocks from i__c__s__i
is there an indian restaurant
like to go for lunch in indian restaurant
what about indian restaurants
okay i like to make a reservation
can you give me information on sushi-ko
can you tell me more about yoshi's
can you give me a list of all the mexican restaurants in the area
i would like to eat on a wednesday
i would like to eat dinner
i'm willing to travel five miles from i__c__s__i
i would like to try lunch on a wednesday
 i'd like to try  lunch or dinner on  a wednesday for five dollars  .  or more
can you give me more information on  viva taqueria
can you give me more information on cafe durant
can you give me a list of restaurants   serving ethiopian food
can you give me a list of restaurants serving  ethiopian food for ten dollars or more
for twenty dollars or less
can you tell me about chez-panisse
can you give me information on lalime's
can you give me a list of restaurants serving  american food in the area
for ten to twenty dollars
can you tell me about the menu for fat apple's
can you tell me  which restaurants in the area serve sea food
can you give me  more information on  the mermaid restaurant
please give me additional information on mermaid restaurant
please give me additional information on the mermaid restaurant
please give me additional information on the claremont seafood restaurant
please give me a list of  chinese restaurants in the area
please tell me more about hong-kong east ocean
please return to the list of chinese restaurants
please tell me more about the menu of the lantern
are there any vietnamese restaurants in  berkeley
please tell me more about le cheval
please tell me more about le cheval
can you tell me about restaurants in berkeley that are good for breakfast
can you give me a list of restaurants in berkeley serving breakfast
for american breakfast
american food
on sunday 
for ten dollars
can you tell me more about bette's ocean view diner
please give me additional information on fat apple's
please return to the list of restaurants
please tell me more about  homemade cafe
please return to the list
give me more information on the stuffed inn
please give me more information on the stuffed inn
start over
i don't care about the price  but i would like to go there  during the weekend
i don't care about the price  and i would like to go there  during the weekend either for lunch or for dinner
 i don't  care about the price
i don't want to eat on shattuck
i don't want to eat on shattuck avenue 
i'd like a restaurant where i could sit outside 
i said i wanted  either a french or an italian rest-
french or italian 
italian or french restaurant 
i didn't say i wanted to eat on tuesday 
 during the weekend
it's too expensive 
i want a cheap french restaurant 
do they serve duck 
i want a french restaurant close to  icksee   to have lunch during the weekend
i want to go there this weekend
i want to go there this weekend  
it's for this weekend 
i want a cheap restaurant   
start over
start over
i'd like to have dinner on friday
it should be in the distance of five minutes
i would like to eat spanish food
it should be in the distance of five minutes
it should be under five dollars
i want to spend five dollars
it should be below five dollars
it should be in walking distance
cost under ten dollars
it should be below ten dollars
i want to eat mexican food
start over
start over
i'd like to have french food on monday . for . lunch
i want to spend fifteen dollars
should be in the distance of  twenty miles
i want to have dinner on saturday
i want to eat on saturday
i want to have dinner
i want to have dinner
i'd like to have dinner
i'd like to eat  in the evening
start over
start over
i want to eat egyptian food
i want to eat thai food
it should be nearby and it should cost five dollars
it should be in walking distance
i want to eat at any day
it should be located ten minutes from  i__c__s__i   .  or twenty oh
it  should be in the distance of  four miles
the cost should be under  twenty dollars
i want to eat thai food
i want to eat thai food
cost twenty dollars
i want to eat for twenty dollars
i want to eat for    ten dollars . now it's
i want to eat thai food
i want to eat thai food
i want to eat cajun food
i want to eat thai food . and then i ask some  .  information 
i'd like to have some information about the thai barbecue
start over
computer there was a thai restaurant on the way here  that i went past  can you tell me about the thai restaurants in berkeley
i want thai food not malaysian thai
 not too much  i was thinking about a restaurant that's near to  i__c__s__i  like  within five minutes off  i__c__s__i
i'm  thinking of a restaurant on center street a thai restaurant on center street
show        show me  the information about  the thai restaurant on martin luther king   i forgot  the name of it  already
please show me the list of the thai restaurants
show me the information about nakapan
what is the best thai restaurant in berkeley
can you start over
what other kinds of south east asian food can you get in berkeley
south east asian food
whenever
whenever
any day
dinner
not too much
what's lilly's
let's start over
wait can you show me the previous list
what is joshu-ya
show me the information about joshu-ya
this place sounds pretty good
not chinese food i want    some kind of asian food but not chinese food
can you show me the previous list
okay let's start over
okay i want asian food  . for dinner  anywhere in berkeley  not too expensive  . not chinese food  and not japanese and not indian something else
i said not japanese food
computer i want asian food but not chinese not japanese not indian
okay show me asian food
asian food
okay please remove the chinese  food restaurants from the list no chinese food
not chinese food no chinese food
okay let's start over
okay computer are there  any kosher restaurants in berkeley
kosher
no i didn't say close and i didn't say  short  .  i said i wanted kosher  food
type of food kosher food distance anywhere
not saturday
any day but not saturday
lunch or dinner
it doesn't matter
okay not thai food give me kosher food
okay how about kosher food
sure food
kosher
did anybody ever tell you you're really stupid
okay how about italian food
show me the information about venezia
okay show me the list of the other italian restaurants now
caffe giovanni
caffe giovanni
the second restaurant on your list
caffe giovanni
spats
spats
is there any vegetarian food at this restaurant
cafe marmara  show me the information about cafe marmara
do you have a copy of their menu
what's a good place to eat breakfast
how about anywhere in berkeley
how about european food  .  for dinner
what's nadine's
how about nadine's
okay how about petrouchka
show me the list again
okay how about lalime's
are there any other mediterranean restaurants
mediterranean not vegetarian
what's brit-marie's
okay shows me the list again
show me about oliveto's
oliveto's show me about oliveto's
oliveto's
(sh)-ow me the list of  mediterranean restaurants
how about for dinner
show me the information about oliveto's
show me the information about oliveto's
show me a list of european restaurants
show me a list of european restaurants
how about metropole or is it metropole
okay are there any middle eastern restaurants
like to see some middle eastern restaurants
okay can i see the additional information on this one
can you show me the previous list please
show me the list of middle eastern restaurants
it doesn't have to be near here
anywhere in berkeley is fine
okay show me the information about   la-mediterranee  .  something like that
aren't there      i don't know lebanese or syrian or turkish or persian or armenian  kind of restaurants around . kurdish  iraqi something like that
okay howbout north african are there any north african restaurants
okay i already know about blue nile so why don't you tell me about khasba
howbout khasba
it can be anywhere in berkeley
please change the distance to anywhere
tell me about khasba
do you have any australian restaurants on your list oh no no no no make that south  east asian
okay why don't you start over with  south east asian
are there any french restaurants
i'd like to eat dinner at a french restaurant
any day
any price any  distance
however far it takes
anywhere
tell me about la tour eiffel  or however you pronounce it
tell me about that other one *whoa* show me the list again
tell me about le bateau ivre
computer quit and log off 
start over
i'd like to go to a japanese restaurant
some day on the weekend
some day on the weekend
i'd like to go on some day on the weekend
no . i  would not like to go on sunday  only i would like to go on any day  of the weekend
give me a list of restaurants in . two miles distance of  i__c__s__i
about twenty  dollars
don't you have sushi california on martin luther king avenue on your list
please give me the menu of that restaurant
start over
ethnic food restaurants do you have within two miles of  i__c__s__i
i would like to eat anything but japanese
i don't care but i definitely do not want to go to a japanese restaurant
i would like to eat south american food
no i would like to eat south american food
i would like to eat latin american food
i would like to eat latin american food
i would like to go for mexican fo-
i would like to have lunch
five to ten dollars
please tell me more about norteno's
tell me more about norteno's
tell me more about norteno's
tell me more about the last two restaurants in your list
tell me more about cancun
tell me more about taqueria cancun
please give me the list of all mexican restaurants
i'd like to know more about guerrero's
i'd like to know more about guerrero's
i do not want to go to a cuban restaurant
i don't want to go to a cuban restaurant
i want to go for american food
i would like to go to a fast food restaurant
i only want to walk less than five minutes
tell me more about yorkshire fish and chips
tell me more about yorkshire fish and chips  . i think it's
i would like to go  another day but monday
i would like to go to an oriental restaurant
tell me more about cambodiana's
tell me also about restaurants further away than five minutes
i would like to go to a german restaurant
i would like to go to a german restaurant
i would like to go to a european restaurant
let's try european food
no . european food please
i don't care about the distance anymore
i don't care about the cost anymore
tell me more about  metropole
what are the prices for  lunch at this restaurant
i would like to have lunch
i don't care about the cost  anymore  . did gary try to crash it on purpose and it did work or it did not
i want to have european food
start over
i would like to go to a german restaurant that's at most ten minutes away from i__c__s__i for at most ten dollars . i would like to go on monday or tuesday or wednesday or on saturday and my favorite meal is . sauerkraut
 start over .  i would like to go for spanish dinner  tonight  
i would like to go on tuesday
spanish food would be nice
it should be in walking distance from i__c__s__i
it could be more expensive
maybe we try a mexican restaurant
it could be more far away  maybe ten minutes with a car
i would like to spend not more than  ten dollars
i would like to spend between five and ten dollars
do you have a  menu of the norteno's
how many seats are available in the norteno's
may i see the last list of  restaurants again please
may i see the last list of restaurants please
i would like to have chinese food
-et's about sushi
could be five minutes away from i__c__s__i
i can spend  .  between five and .  fifteen dollars
do you know something about california sushi
do you know something about a restaurant called california sushi
start over
could you give me a list of italian restaurants with good pizza
i would like to go on saturday for dinner
i don't care  
i don't care
i don't have any special requirements
i would like to go for a pizza
it depends
i need a pizza
i don't care  
has nino's restaurant pasta too
do they have pasta in nino's restaurant
may i see the list again please
i would like to have additional information about the jupiter
i would like to have american junk food today
i would like hamburgers
i would like hamburgers
i would like real american burgers
start over
start over
is there a mcdonald's restaurant in berkeley
is there a burger king in  .  berkeley
i would like some information about burger king
do you have some information about chez-panisse
i would like to have reasonable seafood  .  maybe ten minutes from the i__c__s__i

i would like seafood
i would like to have seafood
on saturday
i would like a nice candle light dinner
i don't care about the costs
i would like to have dinner
dinner
is there a restaurant at the berkeley marina
i would like to go to a restaurant at the berkeley marina
the restaurant should be at the berkeley marina
i don't care about the costs
do you have information about the skates
do you have a list of restaurants at  the berkeley marina
start over
i would like to have cheap  african food for dinner today
about ten minutes walk
start over
i would like to have chinese dinner about ten to fifteen dollars tonight for dinner
start over
i would like to have california lunch today for reasonable price in a walking distance from i__c__s__i
i would like to get a reasonable price
not too much
start over
i would like to have a cheap japanese lunch today in the area around i__c__s__i
start over
i would like to have cheap pizza tonight for dinner at any distance from i__c__s__i
i would like to have cheap pizza for dinner tonight at a walking distance from i__c__s__i
i would like to have mexican food for lunch tomorrow  .  less than thirty minutes from i__c__s__i
i would like to eat japanese food
 let me think about that   say  on  thursday
 i would like  to eat some       sushis
sushi please
springrolls plea-
rolls please
i'd like  to  eat meat please
i would like to eat meat please
next i would  like the cost  to be  between  fifteen and    nineteen dollars
next i would like the cost to be between fifteen and nineteen dollars
next  .   i would like the cost  .  to be between fifteen and nineteen dollars
i would like the cost between fifteen and nineteen dollars
cost  .  between .  fifteen .  and  .  nineteen  .  dollars
cost  between fifteen and nineteen dollars
i want the cost between eight and nine dollars
cost eight dollars 
close to eight dollars   
eight dollars please
display  all the restaurants in berkeley please 
give me the list of restaurants in berkeley . 
give me the indian restaurants on shattuck please  
give me the list of the restaurants again
list of the restaurants again  
list of the restaurants again  

i would like french food   so
the restaurant should be at less than five hundred meters .  meters maybe  
the restaurant should be at less than five hundred meters  
the restaurant should be  less than five meters far
the restaurant should be less than five hundred meters far
start over
hungarian
i would like to eat hungarian
i would like to eat hungarian
i would like to eat on monday evening
say  about thirty dollars for two persons
i want to spend fifty dollars
not farther than say five blocks
i don't want to go farther than five blocks
the restaurant should be within five blocks
i want to spend forty dollars
is there a restaurant in berkeley
it can be anywhere
i want to eat german
i would like californian food
is one of these restaurants within three blocks of icksee
which of these restaurants is within three blocks of  icksee
do they serve rib-eye steaks
i would like to go for lunch
i can eat any food
i don't mind about the type of food
i want to spend less than ten dollars
is there a restaurant in berkeley where they serve wiener schnitzel
i would like to eat japanese
is there a japanese restaurant with beni-hama
i will spend more than hundred dollars
fifty dollars
i want to spend more than fifty dollars
is there a bavarian style restaurant
i like to eat french  food
it should be less than thirty dollars
give me more information about metropole
give me information about le bateau ivre
give me  more information about la tour eiffel
where can i get red bordeaux wine
 start over
i  would like to know about an italian restaurant nearby
i'd like some pasta
i'd like to eat pasta
pizza
 don't care i'd like to go   .  today
i would like to have lunch
i don't know
i don't know
it doesn't matter
about ten dollars
i'd like to know more about spats
i'd like to know about the other italian restaurant
can you give me the list of the restaurants again
please give me   information about the caffe giovanni
i wanted  to know about the caffe giovanni
start over
start over oops is it recording
i want to eat african food
wednesday
dinner
twenty dollars for the evening
 say about ten miles give or take
i would like to go to a japanese restaurant   .   tomorrow night  .  i would like an expensive restaurant   .  and very close to icksee
i'd like to have japanese food tomorrow night
what kind of food do they serve there
i like italian food next saturday
i'd like an italian restaurant
this restaurant is too expensive  i would like a cheaper one
do you have any restaurant far from icksee
i'd like to have chinese food
i don't care about the cost  .   a cheaper one would be okay
i want the closest restaurant to icksee
i want a restaurant very close to  i__c__s__i
i would like to go for lunch instead
which restaurant is open on sunday
i'd like to go to the less  expensive one
i want a restaurant very expensive
start over
start over
i wanna have lunch
i'd like to have ethiopian food
on sunday morning and i want   an expensive place
it doesn't matter the distance
i wanna change the food and go to a japanese
do you have any restaurant for dinner on sunday
it doesn't matter the cost but i want to have dinner on sunday
i want to go to a restaurant on monday morning
the cost of the restaurant doesn't matter
i'd like to have any kind of food
i'm interested in california food
i want the closest restaurant to icksee and the less expensive
i would like a place where i can pay ten dollars only
do they serve any additional food there
let's start
what about chinese
you're quite good buddy 
i'd prefer  a  distance of  let's say five minutes
i didn't understand your question 
all right let's have lunch
okay let's look for something else
okay  now  let's look for something else
i wanna have pizza
let's look for a distance about one hour from i__c__s__i
i said distance buddy 
okay let's  look now  for a cost less than  ten dollars
i wanna know whether there is a good thai restaurant
there's a thai in center street  .  what this one
i wanna have lunch
back to the thai please
no i don't wanna spend more than five bucks
do you have a german restaurant
tomorrow
lunch
do you have something between five and eight dollars
lunch
  i would like to pay   at least five but not more than eight dollars
i would not like to use bus or bart or bicycle or something
okay not more than five minutes  or    fifteen hundred meters
okay something from asia   would be *okay*
    is there a japan restaurant
 what about spending more money
 it can be more expensive
and for dinner
i'd like to have it for dinner
can i have lunch
start over
start over
start over
can i have dinner now
i want to have it on sunday
can i have some thai food
money does not matter
maybe quarter of an hour
maybe thirteen and a half minutes
five kilometers
five kilometers
okay three miles
okay about the berkeley thai house
can i have the list again
can i have breakfast there too
type of food does not matter
type of food does not matter
you have the european food
you have some american food
isn't there a mcdonald's
is there a mcdonald's restaurant
i only want to pay three dollars
okay    i  found  another five dollars now i have eight
okay i have now eight dollars not only three
the price doesn't matter
the price should be less than five dollar
five dollars
do they serve breakfast
and for breakfast
breakfast
-ste greek food for lunch
lunch
greek food
even if i pay more
if i pay more
i want a sandwich
sandwich
give me the steak houses again
i want to pay ten dollar
and if i pay fifteen dollar
do you have indonesian food
spats
do you know the burger king
burger king
burger king
what is fat apple's
i want to know more about fat apple's
i want to know more about barclay's
i want chinese food
do they serve lunch
i said if they served lunch
lunch
less than ten minutes from i__c__s__i
i said less than ten minutes from the i__c__s__i
i want to know more about yangtze river
are there any sushi restaurants near
and if i pay ten dollars
the price is ten dollars
and on weekdays
i wanna go to eat

i want to go to a restaurant
indonesian 
indonesian please
i want to eat indonesian food please
i don't want american food you see i want to eat indonesian food
the distance should be less than five miles away
it should be less than five miles away from the i__c__s__i
costs about fifteen dollars
i would like to go on friday
i would like to go to dinner
i want to go to dinner
i want to go to dinner
dinner
dinner
i would like to go to dinner
i would like to go to lunch
must i answer that question
i want to go at seven p__m
i want to go to dinner
i want to go in the evening
shall i tell you a restaurant around here with indonesian food
okay let's try a thai restaurant
is the distance walking distance or distance by car
 extend the distance to twenty minutes from i__c__s__i
twenty minutes away from the i__c__s__i
twenty minutes away from i__c__s__i
the distance should be less than twenty minutes away from the i__c__s__i
it can cost about fifteen dollars
i want to go to a thai restaurant
i want to go to plearn
i want to go to plearn thai cuisine
i want to have more information about the plearn thai restaurant
i want to have more information about the plearn thai restaurant university avenue
i want to have more information  on plearn on university avenue
i give it up 
 start over
      i would like some mexican food
i would like to eat .  this evening
i would just like to spend a couple of dollars
just a couple of dollars
i would like spend a couple of dollars
two dollars
i would like to spend three dollars
i am here with my car so it doesn't matter
it does not matter
five minutes
what can you tell me about the taqueria cancun
what can you tell me about  a french restaurant
i would like spend ten dollars
can you tell me anything about la tour eiffel
i would like to have a very expensive dinner
can you tell me the opening hours of the metropole
i don't have time on tuesday  . what about thursday
i don't like thai food i would like italian
can you tell me anything about an italian restaurant
i feel like having a pizza
i don't mind a cheap pizza
i have a bicycle i can go fifteen minutes away from i__c__s__i
what can you tell me about jupiter
i would like a continental style breakfast next monday morning
what can you tell me about smokey joe's cafe
distance is no issue
start over
i would like to have breakfast at smokey joe's cafe
i would like to go to cafe de la-paz
start over
i'd like to go to a spanish restaurant
 like to eat fish
i'd like to eat spanish food
i'd like to eat fish and drink wine
i'd like to eat spanish food
 i'd like to eat this weekend
i'd like to go walking and  not spending too much money
 and we will probably be in eight . eight people
i'd like to eat  fish
i'd like to eat fish and not spending  too much money
the restaurant has to be cheap
i want to go walking and i want to eat fish
i'd like to eat fish
fish
i'd like to eat spanish food in a restaurant close to icksee

can you show me the spanish restaurants you know
this sunday i'd like to go to an italian restaurant
can i have my dinner this sunday
is there any good italian restaurant in san__francisco
i'd like to try a real barbecue restaurant in san__francisco
i'd like to try a barbecue restaurant in berkeley
(i)-talian barbecue restaurant
to go to a barbecue restaurant in berkeley
to eat fish in berkeley today
can you show me a list of restaurants
(o)-f restaurants
please i beg you show me the restaurants
today i'd like to have lunch in a good italian restaurant
show me all the mexican restaurant you know
where can i find a good pizza
are you sure there is not any place where i can pizza in berkeley
can you show me something more about the fat slice pizza
can you show me the previous list
which one is the closest to icksee
i'd like to have some chinese food  
i would like to eat on saturday
i would like to have some dinner
i would like to spend fifty dollars
i'd like to go within walking distance of  i__c__s__i  
please show me some information about great china
start over
i'd like to go to a cafe
i'd like to eat next tuesday
i'd like to eat dinner
five to ten dollars
five miles 
i would like some information on the tour eiffel
start over  
start over
i'm in the mood for german dessert
i'm in the mood for a german dessert
thursday
i'd like to spend twelve dollars and ninety eight cents
twenty three minutes
i'd like to walk for eighty one minutes
i don't care
start over
i'd like to eat some food at the mall
start over
i'd like to eat at the mall
please give me a  listing  of the different types of food in this area
please give me a list of  foods available in this area
start over
i'd like to have some dessert
i'd like to have some desserts
i'd like to have some ice cream
i'd like to eat right now
three to four dollars
three to four dollars
i'd like to have some italian food
on thursday
i wanna have dinner
no more than ten dollars
i have a car
i wanna have thai food
i'm looking for a restaurant in walking distance from i__c__s__i
i wanna go to a restaurant on weekend
on weekend
i'd like to have some cheap mexican food
i wanna have some fast food
i wanna make a reservation for friday
i wanna have lunch
i wanna spend more money
i wanna spend more than twenty dollars
please give me a list of mexican restaurants
i'd like to have some seafood
i wanna have cheaper food
i don't want  to spend  .  more than ten dollars
i wanna have dinner
any distance
any distance
where's mcdonald's
where is mcdonald's
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant
i wanna have cheap food
i'd like to have some thai food on wednesday
i'd like to have  cheap italian lunch on weekend
hi i'd like to eat something 
i'd like to eat some european food
 i'd like to eat some vegetarian food
i'd like to eat some vegetarian food
i would like to eat some 
yes i would like to eat today
i don't care
it does not  matter  which meal  i'd like to eat   oh 
i'd like to eat some spicy meal
i'd like to have a dinner
up to ten dollars
i want to spend
fifteen dollars
three miles
i'd like to know what i can drink in this restaurant
can i drink some wine in these  restaurants
can you give me some more information about la tour eiffel  at university avenue
start over   
start over  
i'd like to have some brunch
i'd like to eat on sunday
i'd like to eat lunch
i'd like to spend up to fifty dollars
something like  .  forty minutes
start over
start over
i'd like to eat typical american food  
american food 
i'd like to eat on oh saturday
i'd like to eat dinner
ten dollars 
start over
i'm looking for restaurants serving italian food
 complete meal should cost no more than
please meal should cost no more than fifteen dollars including tips
meal should be no more than fifteen dollars
i'm looking for a place serving a good pizza
the way to the restaurants should be no longer than five hundred meters
the distance to the restaurant should be at most five hundred meters
the distance to the restaurant should be at most a half kilometer
i would like to go out for lunch  .  today
i want to go to blondie's pizza
i would like to see the list of pizza restaurants again
which of these restaurants are open for breakfast
i'm looking for a restaurant open for breakfast
the restaurant should be very near  .  no more than five minutes walk
i want to go to an italian cafe
the distance to the restaurant should be less than
no i'm looking for a greek restaurant
i want to have dinner and the restaurant should be open until late night
a meal can be up to forty dollars
the price of a  meal should be less than forty dollars
i want to have a steak
the restaurant can be expensive
the restaurant can be at any distance
the cost of a meal has to be less than thirty dollars
start over
looking for a spanish restaurant
i would like to eat spanish food
(m)-exican food would do also
i would like to eat mexican food
i would like to eat tomorrow
enchiladas
i would like to go out for dinner
i don't mind  
the restaurant can be expensive
should be at most one hour walk
the cost should be less than twenty dollars
cost should be less than fifteen dollars
i would like to see more information about guerrero's
show me more about guerrero's
show me more information about casa-de-eva
show me more information about guerrero's
i would like to see the list once again
i would like to see more information about manuel's
show me more information about ay-caramba
start over
i think i'd like to know about thai food
do you know about thai restaurants
i    would like to go for dinner
it shouldn't go over twenty five dollars if possible
well i can always take my car so i think  an hour is fine
okay  give me some chinese restaurants
(i)-t should be within fifteen minutes
which one of the three is the most expensive one
okay 
are they open all week
are they open on sunday
 know more about italian restaurants please
how far is   from  i__c__s__i  
are there other american restaurants
could you give me  some information about  indian food
all right do you have french places in your list
give me a french restaurant please
are there any   more than ten minutes or less than ten minutes i wanted to say away
how expensive is it
give me some more american places
i'd like to know more about american food
give me some for ten dollars approximately
are there any that have meals for less than ten dollars
when is spats open
okay let's go back to italian food
i would like to have names of some italian restaurants please
maybe you can  give me  some more expensive ones
is it open on mondays
can i also have lunch there
is it open at lunch time
it's okay   do you know anything about   vietnamese food
can you give me japanese restaurants please
is it open for dinner
are there other ones more than ten minutes from *i__c__s__i*
are there  taiwanese  restaurant
maybe we could put the cost down to ten dollars  again
are there none if we take lunch time
okay go up to fifteen dollars
give me some less than ten minutes from i__c__s__i
start over
i would like to know something about french food
i would like to go to a restaurant not far from i__c__s__i
sunday
dinner
about two miles
i would like to know the most close one 
about one mile
i would like to know something about chinese food now
so let's try russian ones
i would like to go to a russian restaurant for lunch on thursday
what about breakfast at a californian restaurant
i would like to have breakfast  at a german restaurant then
i would like to have cheap food from five dollars to twenty dollars
the cost does not matter
the cost doesn't matter
where can i have thai food for lunch
which of these restaurants is less than ten minutes from i__c__s__i
which one is the cheapest
do you have any fast food
i'm looking for a cambodian restaurant for dinner on monday
how much is a dinner
where can i have breakfast
i'm looking for an italian restaurant
i would like to go to an italian restaurant for lunch
do they have vegetarian food
i'm looking for a japanese restaurant less than thirty minutes from i__c__s__i
does any of these have breakfast too
start over
i would like to eat italian
i would like to eat vegetables and fruits
i would like to go to the dinner for  friday
i would like to have dinner
what about mexican food
i would like to eat either lunch or dinner and it should be very close to icksee
it has to be very close to i__c__s__i  but i would like to pay    very little
do you know about mexican restaurants for the breakfast
what about mexican restaurants at any distance from icksee
i do not want  an american restaurant  i want a mexican restaurant
let's see if you have a restaurant for the dinner which is at any distance from i__c__s__i
tell me something more about norteno's
norteno's
guerrero's
start over
greek restaurants for dinner very cheap
i prefer to have  cheese and wine
greek restaurants for dinner
i want i want to eat during the weekend in a greek restaurant
it can be far from i__c__s__i  but  it has to cost  .  very little
i would like to eat on monday and the restaurants has to be close to i__c__s__i
i want to spend no more than ten dollars in a greek restaurant
any price any distance any day
start over
greek
any day
any meal
less than twenty dollars
five miles at most 
five miles
okay start over
i like to have some french food
what about tomorrow
i would like to eat tomorrow
some breakfast
i don't  have much money
i like a cheap place
i have  a bicycle and i can go .  a couple of miles
no more than two miles
well i said that two miles
i'd like to know about a closer place
do you know any place within one mile
what about a chinese place
i can pay something more
i can pay up to ten dollars
okay i can drive
let's say lunch instead of breakfast
i would like to go for a dinner
 do you know any good thai place
give me a more expensive place  it's okay
do you know any fancy  japanese restaurant
but just the walk distance
i can only walk to the place
i like some good hamburger
said hamburger
what about a steak
i like to have some seafood for lunch
are there any thai restaurant within five blocks of icksee 
i'm looking for something to eat today 
lunch of course  
well less than eight dollars
less than eight dollars . oh
what about tomorrow 
i'm interested in lunch on friday
are there any restaurants with traditional american food 
okay now i'd like to know about greek restaurants
what about for lunch
 any price
okay what chinese restaurants   are there within five blocks of icksee that cost more than  thirty dollars a meal
more than twenty dollars
less than twenty dollars
okay give me additional information about great china
switch to any day this week
any day of the week
any meal
give me thai restaurants again
restaurants would  you recommend  
do you know of any restaurants serving bad food
are there any indian restaurants  within five blocks of icksee costing less than ten dollars for lunch
actually i was interested in indian restaurants
i'm interested in indian restaurants
do you know any chinese restaurants that are closed on sundays
how about an american brunch on sunday
do you know what brunch is
no i'm interested in brunch
start o-
i like spicy mexican food  that's cheap
i like to spend less than five dollars on lunch
i like to eat every day but monday i like to eat a lot 
i'm willing to travel seven blocks to eat mexican food 
how far is pepito's mexican deli
what's the  average price for lunch at cactus taqueria 
can i see a listing of thai food
 restaurants have good italian food
tell me more about cafe vin
what does cafe strada serve for lunch

do you have a listing of american food
can you go to lunch at brennan's for ten dollars
is alcohol a type of food
is jupiter in your data base
i'd like to know about a japanese sushi bar
tell me more about a german restaurant in berkeley
i'd like to know about expensive thai food
is there chinese food within two blocks of i__c__s__i
where's sun-hong-kong
show me a listing of south american restaurants
 please tell me about more   korean food
would you know about european food
i've never eaten vietnamese food but i'd like to try
i would like some seafood  anywhere on sunday
how about italian food fifteen blocks from i__c__s__i
is lococo's restaurant  within ten blocks of  i__c__s__i  between shattuck and milvia 
how can you help me
i'd like to find the chinese restaurant
this evening
i would like to eat  at the evening of this day
no excuse me i would like to go to a chinese restaurant this evening
how  far is it to walk
is it  one of the more expensive restaurants
where is this restaurant located
 where is the hong-kong east ocean restaurant located
please can you help me for finding a restaurant
i would    like to go to   dinner this evening  today
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant but i'm interested  having a nice view  from the restaurant   over the bay  or the sea if it's possible
the restaurant should not be so far but   should have a  nice view
no oh no mexican chinese but a restaurant with a nice view
the restaurant shouldn't be too far but should     have a nice view
excuse me i'm not not a cannibal but  i'm looking for a chinese restaurant with a nice view
to make it precise and short i'm looking for a chinese restaurant for dinner on wednesday
i will go to the restaurant     today
it need not be a low cost restaurant
no more than twenty dollars per meal
twenty dollars per meal at maximum
no twenty dollars
twenty dollars
the price    need be not more than twenty dollars
i would like to have chinese food for not more than twenty dollars
no more than five miles away
thank you very much
hi i would like some thai food
thai food
are you reading me
i would like some thai food
i would like to eat on tuesday
fifteen minutes . and i need cheap food
hi i would like some thai food
tuesday
on tuesday
i would like to eat on tuesday
i want some cheap food
sunday
i want to eat this afternoon
i want some thai food
do you mean by bike walking or car
i want to get some lunch
i want some mexican food
 tomorrow
i would like to eat on saturday
 i would like to eat lunch
none
very little
not much
 i would like some mexican food
monday
thursday
dinner
i'd like to eat dinner
i don't want to spend much
any amount of distance
 i would like to eat some thai food
i want to go on tuesday
or wednesday but not saturday
i don't have a lot of time
and i don't want to spend a lot of money
not fast food
and i don't want to go to sizzler
breakfast lunch or dinner is okay
i like thai mexican italian
i don't want to go to any burger places
i don't want to go anywhere that's further than fifteen minutes away on a bike
i would invite you to go with me but i think you'd be horrible company
unless of course the service is really slow no offense
i don't want to go outside of the bay area
and i don't ever wanna spend more than forty dollars on a meal
usually i like to spend between . two dollars and . ten dollars
i doesn't have to be fancy but no bugs
never ever recommend mcdonald's t-
carls junior is ok though good zucchini fries
by the way i'm a vegetarian
enjoy all of your dining experiences
i would like to eat american food
saturday or any day on the weekend
any distance
twenty minutes walking distance
twenty minutes walking distance
hi i would like to eat some american food
american food . american . californian
start over
start over
hello i would like to eat some italian food
italian
italian . you know spaghetti pizza
any day but i would like also to eat some other thing either than pizza like spaghetti
dinner
dinner
dinner . in the evening after six
hi i would like to eat some american food . i want to travel any distance from icksee
i am willing to travel any distance from icksee
it should cost less than twenty five dollars per person
it should cost less than fifteen dollars per person
and it's gonna be a dinner
i would like to eat some italian food
the distance is not important
i have the car so i can go whenever
it must be on the weekend . friday . night or saturday night
if i go lunch it's any weekday if i go dinner it's only on the weekend
it must be good food i'm not interested in exactly what
show me the best restaurant around
tonight for dinner
any price i am not interested in price now
i would like to have some mexican food
oh i don't know how about something like next thursday
i'd like to eat on friday afternoon
i never eat lunch so i would like to eat dinner
i'm interested in having some mexican food
mexican food please
tuesday
i'd prefer dinner
no more than ten dollars
i would like to have some italian food
i'd prefer to eat on tuesday . or wednesday
i don't want to spend  anymore than fifteen dollars
i usually don't eat lunch so breakfast would be better for me
i don't want to walk further than one mile from here
i'd like to have both indian and italian food
i'd like my italian food   to cost no more than ten dollars
how about breakfast
i'd like to have indo-european food
well i'm on a strict budged right now and wouldn't want to spend any less than ten thousand dollars
is there any place close to the water
 food for dinner
do you know of any antarctican restuarants
how about senegalese food
i'd like to either tuesday wednesday or thursday it doesn't matter but not saturday . not friday
is there anything on cedar street
i'd like to eat . no less than ten feet off the ground
i wouldn't like to have african  food
i would like to have russian food
-ive me a list of all the russian restaurants that you have
how about pizza
i don't want any food i would like to have a new car instead
hi can i  have some thai food please
hi i would like to eat some thai food
hi i would like to eat some thai food
-kay i would like to have some chinese food
wednesday
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant on wednesday
looking for a . japanese restaurant
hello i would like to make a reservation at a chinese restaurant
hi i would like a reservation for a japanese restaurant
hi i'm looking for a mexican restaurant
chinese food
i don't want to go very far
i can only spend ten dollars or less
-t will be for monday
and this will be for lunch
looking for a mexican restaurant
don't want to have to drive very far
i'm willing to spend from five to ten dollars
and this will be on sunday
and this will also be for breakfast
looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food
but it has to cost less than twenty dollars
-m looking for a burger king type restaurant
i will be going on thursday
and this will be for dinner
 hi i'm looking for an italian restaurant
it has to be within ten miles from here
 preferably  inexpensive . restaurant
for saturday
and it will be for dinner
hi i'm looking for a french restaurant
it will be for dinner next week
it can be very expensive
but it has to be within ten miles from here
hi i'm looking for a korean restaurant
it will be for lunch
and i'm going to go tomorrow
hi i'm looking for a place to eat on thursday
preferably japanese food
i can only walk ten minutes or so
hi i'm looking for spanish restaurant
and it has to be within twenty minutes driving distance
looking for a american restaurant
and i'm willing to drive ten miles
and  it should cost less than five dollars
 i think i hit the space bar
i would like to have lunch
i don't want to spend more than ten dollars
 i don't want to go too far
i don't want to go too far
not too far
i'd like to have breakfast
i don't want to travel very much
i'd like to eat spanish food
like to have lunch
start over
i want to have dinner
i want to eat italian food
i'd like to go tomorrow night
no more than twenty dollars
no more than twenty dollars
i want to spend twenty dollars
go tonight
have dinner
what about a thai restaurant
near from i__c__s__i
on sunday afternoon
to have lunch
i'd like to go to an italian restaurant
in berkeley
very expen-
on monday evening
to have
i want to go to a spanish restaur-
in the bay area
on friday
to have dinner
i want to go to have dinner
not expensive
on thursday evening
i'd like to have breakfast
in a french restaurant
very far
very expensive
next wee-
to have lunch
i'd like to go to a portuguese restaurant
in san__francisco
and pay twenty dollars
sometime next week
lunch
i'd like to have
in oakland
not expensive
on wednesday
for dinner
i like to go to an american restaurant
in the united states
about ten dollars
on friday
to have breakfast
i'd like to go to a native american restaurant
in arizona
no more than five dollars
tomorrow
for dinner
i'd like to go an      ethopian restaurant
in oakland
about ten dollars
tomorrow
at lunch
i would like to eat chinese food
-ke to travel less than five minutes
the cost doesn't matter
i would like to have lunch today
give me more information about thaiwan restaurant
start over
start over
chinese food
-xican food
i like mexican food
i like mexican food
i want to eat today
i want to eat mexican food
only five minutes from icksee
five minutes from icksee
about five dollars
tell my more about ay-caramba
tell me more about taqueria-cancun
taqueria-cancun 
give me information about taqueria-cancun
i want to eat thai food
i want to eat vegetarian food
tell me about cambodiana
i want to eat thai food
where do i find a big steak
i feel like japanese food
i would like to eat chinese food
i would like to travel five minutes from icksee 
i would like to have cheap food
friday is a good day for lunch
i would like to go there for dinner
i feel like italian food
i have a car so distance doesn't matter
i want to go on the weekend
how about brunch
give me information about a salad bar
the price should be relatively inexpensive
the day of the week doesn't matter
i want to go there next week on saturday
i wish to have breakfast there
give me information about a good steak house
do you know of any german restaurants in this area
i want to get away from icksee
i want to dine two days from now
i would like to go out for dinner
i want to have indian food close to icksee and i want to have it today
i want cheap italian food for lunch
do you know of a good pizza place
i wonder if you have any information on a cambodian pl-(ace)
give me more information about taqueria-can-(con)
i wish to know more about chez-panisse
i want to go to a place which is two blocks from icks-(ee)
i would like to spend about fifteen dollars per person
i want to have lunch tomorrow at a very expensive indian restaurant
start over
i would like some inexpensive greek food
perhaps you can point me to  . a good restaurant close by .  for tonight
inexpensive not expensive
greek food cheap and nearby
some greek food
a close
like to dine this evening
i'd like to eat out tonite
start over
any middle eastern restaurants
middle eastern food
money is no object
lunch on saturday
start over
five dollars or less
sunday dinner
why not good old american
for american food
start over
i want some american food in berkeley
i'm poor i'm broke and i don't have a car so i need something nearby and very cheap
something  american no greek wait no let's see i could really go for some middle eastern food
 somewhere to take  someone  saturday dinner
at places between say twenty to fifty bucks
now better make that say ten to fifteen dollars actually now
hopefully walking distance
what to you suggest for dinner tonite
i don't want greek or french or american
do you have some sort of southern cuisine
for mid week lunch in meeting
no more than twenty dollars per person
and no further than san__francisco
howbout san__francisco restaurants
 maybe  some ethiopian food
sunday brunch
-a greek food in all of the bay area
 about ten to fifteen dollars per person
the best burger in town please
somewhere close to the university and very inexpensive
i wanna eat right now  
any german food on file
dinner for four under one hundred dollars
for a nice business dinner
can you suggest a restaurant with spicy food
 celebration so money is no object
i'll drive to san__diego if i have to
within    ten mile radius of berkeley
say about fifty bucks a pop
and that would be for lunch on tuesday afternoon
ey what do you got in the way of indian food
either concord or walnut__greek
and of course because i'm a poor starving student it would have to be cheap
but it has to be within say fifteen miles of san__francisco for tonite
howbout a good brunch  . somewhere in berkeley
ah anywhere in the bay area
 relatively inexpensive and for a dinner on monday
any kind of food five bucks is all i ha-(ve)
less than five dollars
dinner
lunch
breakfast
late night
dining
close by
not too far
close to san__francisco
within five miles of berkeley
cheap
inexpensive
money is no object
i am in the mood for  szechuan chinese food
to eat today i'm hungry
hello
i want to eat lunch 
i like to walk so i could go pretty far
well i don't care if it's szechuan  any kind of chinese is fine
it did not say thai i said any kind of chinese is fine
not thai
not thai food . chinese instead
 how about some greek gyros
in greek food
i don't want chinese i want greek food
-e vegetarian to-
it has to be vegetarian too
 can you make it cheap
i said i don't feel like pizza
i decided i'm in a hurry can you get some place really close
you know i'm so hungry i don't care what kind of food it is
how about some greek food
oh i don't care how far it is but i want some greek food
any distance at all
i feel like some chinese food
hello
i would like szechuan food please
well in that case how about some greek food
do you have anything that's pretty close to icksee
hello
how about something that is pretty cheap 
i feel like vegetarian pizza
where is chez-panisse
hello 
well thank you very much i'm gonna go eat now 
 can you tell me something about mexican restaurants
hello
i would like to eat mexican
 howbout on a sunday
lunch please
i said lunch
 i would like it to be under ten dollars
 fifteen minute by walking
howbout dinner
start over
start over
chinese food please
sunday
sunday
i would like it to be for dinner
dinner ple-(ase)
i would like to spend less than twenty dollars
within twenty minutes walking
twenty minutes
can you show me the menu
i want to see more information on great  china
sunday
i said sunday
what do you know about won thai cuisine
what information do you have on cha-am
do you know any greek restaurant
i said greek restaurant
start over
greek restaurants on any day
three miles
any meal
it doesn't matter
the price doesn't matter
doesn't matter
doesn't matter
howbout within twenty miles
do you know about cambodian restaurant
 howbout cha-am . restaurant
can you show me more indian restaurants
i want indian restaurant
howbout . japanese restaurant
start over
californian food
californian food
any day
 i would like to eat lunch
i said ten dollars
i feel like an italian lunch today
five bucks will be okay
around five dollars preferably less
hopefully just a block or two
let's say a half a mile or less
start over
i want just a snack today
i want a snack
i feel like a burrito today
i'm interested in dinner
i wanna spend five dollars or less
two blocks away or less
do you have the menu for taqueria-de-berkeley
can i see the menu for taqueria-de-berkeley
are there any other mexican restaurants
start over
breakfast today
do you know any pizza places
breakfast god dammit
for breakfast
i'll pay two dollars per slice
two dollars per slice
has to be real close
does arinell-pizza have brazilian
tell me about arinell-pizza
start over
howbout a fancy dinner
i'd like a fancy dinner
american food would be nice
friday or saturday night
friday or saturday evening
i have a car so i can travel up to ten miles
what's soul-brother's kitchen
that`s too expensive
howbout spenger's
howbout chinese instead
tell me more
tell me more about hong-kong-east-ocean
start over
what good breakfast places are there
no barbeque i want indian food
i want fast food for lunch today
indian fast food five dollars or less
just a few bucks
start over
i want to have a pizza
is there a pizzeria less than five minutes from the i__c__s__i 
  i wanna go for lunch and it's monday and the cost doesn't matter
monday
 give me some more information about jupitor
  jupiter
tell me more about arinell-pizza
tell me more about arinell-pizza
arinell-pizza
okay start over and look for thai food
look for thai food restaurants
 today
do they serve breakfast
i wanna go for dinner
 price should be about twelve dollars
  up to five miles
tell me more about the berkeley thai house
no i wanna have dinner not breakfast
i want to have dinner
dinner
 i want to go for dinner
give me more information about won-thai-cuisine
start over
do you know any mcdonald's restaurant
 no i wanna eat hamburger
 shouldn't cost more than five dollars
not more than five dollar
i don't wanna pay more than five bucks
 for lunch
 i don't wanna pay more than five bucks
five bucks
sunday and for dinner
on sunday
hey what's bongo-burger
do you know any sandwich restaurants
tell me something about la-tour-eiffel
 what is la-tour-eiffel
start over
i wanna eat sushi
tell me something nearby and cheap
 i wanna eat on wednesday
for lunch and let's say two blocks away from the i__c__s__i
okay cost doesn't matter
what is sushi-ko
what is sushi-ko
start over
start over
okay i wanna have some american breakfast on saturday morning
cost doesn't matter and distance doesn't matter either
cost doesn't matter
 okay let's say seven bucks
where is mel's-diner
tell me more about the continental-garden
au-coquelet
au-coquelet
au-coquelet
edy's
i would like to eat some indian food
i would like to eat at a restaurant close to icksee
i need to eat now
somewhere cheap would be good
i want cheap meal
give me some more information on sujatha's
start over
start over
start over
start over
start over
how about some italian food
i want some expensive meal
i'm going out for food on saturday lunch time
i will be looking for food on saturday
the restaurant can be any distance from icksee
it doesn't matter if the restaurant is a long way from icksee
i can go up to two miles from icksee
a cheap pizza will do fine
tell me about blondie's 
vegetarian food
start over
start over
what about some vegetarian food
i will be eating tonite
the restaurant must be close to icksee
the restaurant must be close to icksee
where is a good place for chinese food
for chinese i think i would like to p- have something of medium price
is- is there any way where you can get chinese food for breakfast
if it's chinese for breakfast it can be cheap
if it's no chinese it will have to be american
tell me about lox stock and bagel
i want to know about lox stock and bagel
tell me about cactus
now i'm interested in mexican food
the day i want to eat is wednesday
not breakfast lunch time
no i want mexican for lunch
no it's mexican food burritos for lunch
i want to eat at one p__m
start over
start over
start over
okay what about thai food
i want to go out for dinner
mid prized thai food is what i'm looking for
mid prized food
not expensive and not cheap
okay japanese food this time
no japanese like sushi
japanese sushi
start over
i'd like some indian food
 i'd like to eat today
i'd like to have dinner
no more than fifteen dollars
no more than five miles
does pasand restaurant have any live music there
sorry i ment if pasand has life music
will i get food poisoning if i eat at pasand
start over please
i'd like some italian food
i'd like to eat on wednesday
i'm sorry i said that i would like to eat on wednesday
i want lunch
no more than six dollars
five miles
how much seating does spats have
do i need to make a reservation
how about lasagne
i said that i would like lasagne
what is the cross street for spats
start over please
i would like ethiopian food
on tuesday
dinner
ten dollars
no more than three miles
so the minimum cost . for . blue nile is twenty dollars
do they server liquor at blue-nile
please start over
i would like chinese food
today please
lunch
eight dollars
eight dollars
how about seven dollars
four miles
four miles please
i said i like to go six miles
i asked for chinese food
does lantern allow smoking
can i smoke at lantern
start over please
i want american food
saturday
lunch
twenty dollars
two miles-
what kind of food does grace-cafe have
do they have hamburgers
hamburgers
french fries
how much is metropole
i want japanese food
how much is the food at yoshi's
can i take a bus to yochi's
start over please
please start over
i'd like some vietnamese food
i want to go no more than ten miles
no i said i want to go no more than ten miles
friday
breakfast 
six dollars
how about nine dollars
what about lunch
le-cheval
show me the price for le-cheval
give me additional information on le-cheval
forget it  
yeah i'd like to eat german food and i don't wanna spend more money than twenty dollars
 i said i don't wanna spend more than twenty dollars
i said twenty dollars
i want to have dinner tomorrow and i don't want to spend more than thirty dollars
i want to eat dinner
start over
start over
i want to have dinner in a german restaurant tomorrow
i said german tomorrow
i wanna spend thirty dollars in a german restaurant
i'm willing to travel twenty minutes from i__c__s__i
i'm willing to travel seven minutes from i__c__s__i
start over
i'd like to eat cheap german food tomorrow
i'd like to have lunch
i'm willing to travel one hour from i__c__s__i
i want to have lunch in a french restaurant tomorrow . for sixty dollars
i wanna travel at least one hour
i want to travel one hour
i don't want to travel far away
 start over
i wanna it polish food at friday
russian food
i want to spend very much money
i wanna spend very much money
sixty five dollars
start over
start over
i want to eat pizza
i'd like to eat dinner yesterday
i'd like to eat on saturday for about seventy five dollars
seventy dollars and    not too far away
forty dollars
not too much
not too much
i don't care
tell me more about nino's
tell me more about arinell-pizza
tell me more about nino's
start over
i'd like to eat on sunday night
i'd like to spend about ten dollars
about twenty minutes on foot
i would like to travel twenty minutes on foot
about two or three miles
about two or three miles only
area . area
where is sujatha's
where is sujatha's restaurant
no i want to know about indian restaurants
i want to go to an indian restaurant
indian
indian restaurant
please tell me about indian restaurants
which restaurants are open late
start over
start over
where is the closest greek restaurant
i'd like to eat today
i'd like to eat lunch
id' like to eat lunch
i'd like to eat a gyro
i'd like to eat a cheap lunch close by
not more than one mile
start over
where can i find steak
i would like to eat
i would like to eat a cheap dinner today
a cheap dinner
i would like to eat a cheap dinner
i would like dinner
not more than three miles
hello i'm jeff and i wanna go for dinner
i would like to eat some mexican food
i would like to eat today  in about an hour
i'm very cheap i don't want to spend very much money maybe five dollars
no i want mexican food it was i that was cheap and     i wanna spend five dollars
i want mexican food
i own a bike and i'm willing to bike for about ten minutes
start over
i want mexican food for lunch
today
about five dollars
i want to bike for five minutes
start over
i'm hungry is there a good place to eat
i want to eat on friday
breakfast but i don't want hungarian food . i want eggs
five dollars
five minutes walk
i would like to walk for five minutes
which ones have eggs
tell me more about lock stock and  bagel
show me the list again
lock-stock-and-bagel it was on the list
i would like to go to dinner in san__francisco
i would like to eat chinese food
i will pay a hundred dollars for dinner
the cost i will pay is a hundred dollars
start over
what is your favorite restaurant
japanese
saturday
dinner
dinner
one hundred dollars
ten miles
where is dwight way
i want the service to be quick
start over
i want to eat a very quick meal
it does not matter
right now
i want an inexpensive meal
it needs to be very fast
what is the closest restaurant
one minute
how about two minutes 
do have information on taco-bell
there is a restaurant right outside called food-to-go
start over
hamburger
tomorrow
lunch
lunch
close
what is the cost
do they have milkshakes
ethiopian
twenty minutes away
dinner
is there a restaurant an hour away
the distance i travel is an hour
do you have no ethiopian restaurants
what californian food do you have
hi i would like some thai food
thai food
are you reading me
i would like some thai food
i would like to eat on tuesday
fifteen minutes . and i need cheap food
hi i would like some thai food
tuesday
on tuesday
i would like to eat on tuesday
i want some cheap food
sunday
i want to eat this afternoon
i want some thai food
do you mean by bike walking or car
i want to get some lunch
i want some mexican food
 tomorrow
i would like to eat on saturday
 i would like to eat lunch
none
very little
not much
 i would like some mexican food
monday
thursday
dinner
i'd like to eat dinner
i don't want to spend much
any amount of distance
 i would like to eat some thai food
i want to go on tuesday
or wednesday but not saturday
i don't have a lot of time
and i don't want to spend a lot of money
not fast food
and i don't want to go to sizzler
breakfast lunch or dinner is okay
i like thai mexican italian
i don't want to go to any burger places
i don't want to go anywhere that's further than fifteen minutes away on a bike
i would invite you to go with me but i think you'd be horrible company
unless of course the service is really slow no offense
i don't want to go outside of the bay area
and i don't ever wanna spend more than forty dollars on a meal
usually i like to spend between . two dollars and . ten dollars
i doesn't have to be fancy but no bugs
never ever recommend mcdonald's t-
carls junior is ok though good zucchini fries
by the way i'm a vegetarian
enjoy all of your dining experiences
i would like to eat american food
saturday or any day on the weekend
any distance
twenty minutes walking distance
twenty minutes walking distance
hi i would like to eat some american food
american food . american . californian
start over
start over
hello i would like to eat some italian food
italian
italian . you know spaghetti pizza
any day but i would like also to eat some other thing either than pizza like spaghetti
dinner
dinner
dinner . in the evening after six
hi i would like to eat some american food . i want to travel any distance from icksee
i am willing to travel any distance from icksee
it should cost less than twenty five dollars per person
it should cost less than fifteen dollars per person
and it's gonna be a dinner
i would like to eat some italian food
the distance is not important
i have the car so i can go whenever
it must be on the weekend . friday . night or saturday night
if i go lunch it's any weekday if i go dinner it's only on the weekend
it must be good food i'm not interested in exactly what
show me the best restaurant around
tonight for dinner
any price i am not interested in price now
i would like to have some mexican food
oh i don't know how about something like next thursday
i'd like to eat on friday afternoon
i never eat lunch so i would like to eat dinner
i'm interested in having some mexican food
mexican food please
tuesday
i'd prefer dinner
no more than ten dollars
i would like to have some italian food
i'd prefer to eat on tuesday . or wednesday
i don't want to spend  anymore than fifteen dollars
i usually don't eat lunch so breakfast would be better for me
i don't want to walk further than one mile from here
i'd like to have both indian and italian food
i'd like my italian food   to cost no more than ten dollars
how about breakfast
i'd like to have indo-european food
well i'm on a strict budged right now and wouldn't want to spend any less than ten thousand dollars
is there any place close to the water
 food for dinner
do you know of any antarctican restuarants
how about senegalese food
i'd like to either tuesday wednesday or thursday it doesn't matter but not saturday . not friday
is there anything on cedar street
i'd like to eat . no less than ten feet off the ground
i wouldn't like to have african  food
i would like to have russian food
-ive me a list of all the russian restaurants that you have
how about pizza
i don't want any food i would like to have a new car instead
hi can i  have some thai food please
hi i would like to eat some thai food
hi i would like to eat some thai food
-kay i would like to have some chinese food
wednesday
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant on wednesday
looking for a . japanese restaurant
hello i would like to make a reservation at a chinese restaurant
hi i would like a reservation for a japanese restaurant
hi i'm looking for a mexican restaurant
chinese food
i don't want to go very far
i can only spend ten dollars or less
-t will be for monday
and this will be for lunch
looking for a mexican restaurant
don't want to have to drive very far
i'm willing to spend from five to ten dollars
and this will be on sunday
and this will also be for breakfast
looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food
but it has to cost less than twenty dollars
-m looking for a burger king type restaurant
i will be going on thursday
and this will be for dinner
 hi i'm looking for an italian restaurant
it has to be within ten miles from here
 preferably  inexpensive . restaurant
for saturday
and it will be for dinner
hi i'm looking for a french restaurant
it will be for dinner next week
it can be very expensive
but it has to be within ten miles from here
hi i'm looking for a korean restaurant
it will be for lunch
and i'm going to go tomorrow
hi i'm looking for a place to eat on thursday
preferably japanese food
i can only walk ten minutes or so
hi i'm looking for spanish restaurant
and it has to be within twenty minutes driving distance
looking for a american restaurant
and i'm willing to drive ten miles
and  it should cost less than five dollars
[uh i think i hit the space bar
i would like to have lunch
i don't want to spend more than ten dollars
 i don't want to go too far
i don't want to go too far
not too far
i'd like to have breakfast
i don't want to travel very much
i'd like to eat spanish food
like to have lunch
start over
i want to have dinner
i want to eat italian food
i'd like to go tomorrow night
no more than twenty dollars
no more than twenty dollars
i want to spend twenty dollars
go tonight
have dinner
what about a thai restaurant
near from i__c__s__i
on sunday afternoon
to have lunch
i'd like to go to an italian restaurant
in berkeley
very expen-
on monday evening
to have
i want to go to a spanish restaur-
in the bay area
on friday
to have dinner
i want to go to have dinner
not expensive
on thursday evening
i'd like to have breakfast
in a french restaurant
very far
very expensive
next wee-
to have lunch
i'd like to go to a portuguese restaurant
in san__francisco
and pay twenty dollars
sometime next week
lunch
i'd like to have
in oakland
not expensive
on wednesday
for dinner
i like to go to an american restaurant
in the united states
about ten dollars
on friday
to have breakfast
i'd like to go to a native american restaurant
in arizona
no more than five dollars
tomorrow
for dinner
i'd like to go an      ethopian restaurant
in oakland
about ten dollars
tomorrow
at lunch
i would like to eat chinese food
-ke to travel less than five minutes
the cost doesn't matter
i would like to have lunch today
give me more information about thaiwan restaurant
start over
start over
chinese food
-xican food
i like mexican food
i like mexican food
i want to eat today
i want to eat mexican food
only five minutes from icksee
five minutes from icksee
about five dollars
tell my more about ay-caramba
tell me more about taqueria-cancun
taqueria-cancun 
give me information about taqueria-cancun
i want to eat thai food
i want to eat vegetarian food
tell me about cambodiana
i want to eat thai food
where do i find a big steak
i feel like japanese food
i would like to eat chinese food
i would like to travel five minutes from icksee 
i would like to have cheap food
friday is a good day for lunch
i would like to go there for dinner
i feel like italian food
i have a car so distance doesn't matter
i want to go on the weekend
how about brunch
give me information about a salad bar
the price should be relatively inexpensive
the day of the week doesn't matter
i want to go there next week on saturday
i wish to have breakfast there
give me information about a good steak house
do you know of any german restaurants in this area
i want to get away from icksee
i want to dine two days from now
i would like to go out for dinner
i want to have indian food close to icksee and i want to have it today
i want cheap italian food for lunch
do you know of a good pizza place
i wonder if you have any information on a cambodian pl-(ace)
give me more information about taqueria-can-(con)
i wish to know more about chez-panisse
i want to go to a place which is two blocks from icks-(ee)
i would like to spend about fifteen dollars per person
i want to have lunch tomorrow at a very expensive indian restaurant
start over
i would like some inexpensive greek food
perhaps you can point me to  . a good restaurant close by .  for tonight
inexpensive not expensive
greek food cheap and nearby
some greek food
a close
like to dine this evening
i'd like to eat out tonite
start over
any middle eastern restaurants
middle eastern food
money is no object
lunch on saturday
start over
five dollars or less
sunday dinner
why not good old american
for american food
start over
i want some american food in berkeley
i'm poor i'm broke and i don't have a car so i need something nearby and very cheap
something  american no greek wait no let's see i could really go for some middle eastern food
 somewhere to take  someone  saturday dinner
at places between say twenty to fifty bucks
now better make that say ten to fifteen dollars actually now
hopefully walking distance
what to you suggest for dinner tonite
i don't want greek or french or american
do you have some sort of southern cuisine
for mid week lunch in meeting
no more than twenty dollars per person
and no further than san__francisco
howbout san__francisco restaurants
 maybe  some ethiopian food
sunday brunch
-a greek food in all of the bay area
 about ten to fifteen dollars per person
the best burger in town please
somewhere close to the university and very inexpensive
i wanna eat right now  
any german food on file
dinner for four under one hundred dollars
for a nice business dinner
can you suggest a restaurant with spicy food
 celebration so money is no object
i'll drive to san__diego if i have to
within    ten mile radius of berkeley
say about fifty bucks a pop
and that would be for lunch on tuesday afternoon
ey what do you got in the way of indian food
either concord or walnut__greek
and of course because i'm a poor starving student it would have to be cheap
but it has to be within say fifteen miles of san__francisco for tonite
howbout a good brunch  . somewhere in berkeley
ah anywhere in the bay area
 relatively inexpensive and for a dinner on monday
any kind of food five bucks is all i ha-(ve)
less than five dollars
dinner
lunch
breakfast
late night
dining
close by
not too far
close to san__francisco
within five miles of berkeley
cheap
inexpensive
money is no object
i am in the mood for  szechuan chinese food
to eat today i'm hungry
hello
i want to eat lunch 
i like to walk so i could go pretty far
well i don't care if it's szechuan  any kind of chinese is fine
it did not say thai i said any kind of chinese is fine
not thai
not thai food . chinese instead
 how about some greek gyros
in greek food
i don't want chinese i want greek food
-e vegetarian to-
it has to be vegetarian too
 can you make it cheap
i said i don't feel like pizza
i decided i'm in a hurry can you get some place really close
you know i'm so hungry i don't care what kind of food it is
how about some greek food
oh i don't care how far it is but i want some greek food
any distance at all
i feel like some chinese food
hello
i would like szechuan food please
well in that case how about some greek food
do you have anything that's pretty close to icksee
hello
how about something that is pretty cheap 
i feel like vegetarian pizza
where is chez-panisse
hello 
well thank you very much i'm gonna go eat now 
 can you tell me something about mexican restaurants
hello
i would like to eat mexican
 howbout on a sunday
lunch please
i said lunch
 i would like it to be under ten dollars
 fifteen minute by walking
howbout dinner
start over
start over
chinese food please
sunday
sunday
i would like it to be for dinner
dinner ple-(ase)
i would like to spend less than twenty dollars
within twenty minutes walking
twenty minutes
can you show me the menu
i want to see more information on great  china
sunday
i said sunday
what do you know about won thai cuisine
what information do you have on cha-am
do you know any greek restaurant
i said greek restaurant
start over
greek restaurants on any day
three miles
any meal
it doesn't matter
the price doesn't matter
doesn't matter
doesn't matter
howbout within twenty miles
do you know about cambodian restaurant
 howbout cha-am . restaurant
can you show me more indian restaurants
i want indian restaurant
howbout . japanese restaurant
start over
californian food
californian food
any day
 i would like to eat lunch
i said ten dollars
i feel like an italian lunch today
five bucks will be okay
around five dollars preferably less
hopefully just a block or two
let's say a half a mile or less
start over
i want just a snack today
i want a snack
i feel like a burrito today
i'm interested in dinner
i wanna spend five dollars or less
two blocks away or less
do you have the menu for taqueria-de-berkeley
can i see the menu for taqueria-de-berkeley
are there any other mexican restaurants
start over
breakfast today
do you know any pizza places
breakfast god dammit
for breakfast
i'll pay two dollars per slice
two dollars per slice
has to be real close
does arinell-pizza have brazilian
tell me about arinell-pizza
start over
howbout a fancy dinner
i'd like a fancy dinner
american food would be nice
friday or saturday night
friday or saturday evening
i have a car so i can travel up to ten miles
what's soul-brother's kitchen
that`s too expensive
howbout spenger's
howbout chinese instead
tell me more
tell me more about hong-kong-east-ocean
start over
what good breakfast places are there
no barbeque i want indian food
i want fast food for lunch today
indian fast food five dollars or less
just a few bucks
start over
i want to have a pizza
is there a pizzeria less than five minutes from the i__c__s__i 
  i wanna go for lunch and it's monday and the cost doesn't matter
monday
 give me some more information about jupitor
  jupiter
tell me more about arinell-pizza
tell me more about arinell-pizza
arinell-pizza
okay start over and look for thai food
look for thai food restaurants
 today
do they serve breakfast
i wanna go for dinner
 price should be about twelve dollars
  up to five miles
tell me more about the berkeley thai house
no i wanna have dinner not breakfast
i want to have dinner
dinner
 i want to go for dinner
give me more information about won-thai-cuisine
start over
do you know any mcdonald's restaurant
 no i wanna eat hamburger
 shouldn't cost more than five dollars
not more than five dollar
i don't wanna pay more than five bucks
 for lunch
 i don't wanna pay more than five bucks
five bucks
sunday and for dinner
on sunday
hey what's bongo-burger
do you know any sandwich restaurants
tell me something about la-tour-eiffel
 what is la-tour-eiffel
start over
i wanna eat sushi
tell me something nearby and cheap
 i wanna eat on wednesday
for lunch and let's say two blocks away from the i__c__s__i
okay cost doesn't matter
what is sushi-ko
what is sushi-ko
start over
start over
okay i wanna have some american breakfast on saturday morning
cost doesn't matter and distance doesn't matter either
cost doesn't matter
 okay let's say seven bucks
where is mel's-diner
tell me more about the continental-garden
au-coquelet
au-coquelet
au-coquelet
edy's
i would like to eat some indian food
i would like to eat at a restaurant close to icksee
i need to eat now
somewhere cheap would be good
i want cheap meal
give me some more information on sujatha's
start over
start over
start over
start over
start over
how about some italian food
i want some expensive meal
i'm going out for food on saturday lunch time
i will be looking for food on saturday
the restaurant can be any distance from icksee
it doesn't matter if the restaurant is a long way from icksee
i can go up to two miles from icksee
a cheap pizza will do fine
tell me about blondie's 
vegetarian food
start over
start over
what about some vegetarian food
i will be eating tonite
the restaurant must be close to icksee
the restaurant must be close to icksee
where is a good place for chinese food
for chinese i think i would like to p- have something of medium price
is- is there any way where you can get chinese food for breakfast
if it's chinese for breakfast it can be cheap
if it's no chinese it will have to be american
tell me about lox stock and bagel
i want to know about lox stock and bagel
tell me about cactus
now i'm interested in mexican food
the day i want to eat is wednesday
not breakfast lunch time
no i want mexican for lunch
no it's mexican food burritos for lunch
i want to eat at one p__m
start over
start over
start over
okay what about thai food
i want to go out for dinner
mid prized thai food is what i'm looking for
mid prized food
not expensive and not cheap
okay japanese food this time
no japanese like sushi
japanese sushi
start over
i'd like some indian food
 i'd like to eat today
i'd like to have dinner
no more than fifteen dollars
no more than five miles
does pasand restaurant have any live music there
sorry i ment if pasand has life music
will i get food poisoning if i eat at pasand
start over please
i'd like some italian food
i'd like to eat on wednesday
i'm sorry i said that i would like to eat on wednesday
i want lunch
no more than six dollars
five miles
how much seating does spats have
do i need to make a reservation
how about lasagne
i said that i would like lasagne
what is the cross street for spats
start over please
i would like ethiopian food
on tuesday
dinner
ten dollars
no more than three miles
so the minimum cost . for . blue nile is twenty dollars
do they server liquor at blue-nile
please start over
i would like chinese food
today please
lunch
eight dollars
eight dollars
how about seven dollars
four miles
four miles please
i said i like to go six miles
i asked for chinese food
does lantern allow smoking
can i smoke at lantern
start over please
i want american food
saturday
lunch
twenty dollars
two miles-
what kind of food does grace-cafe have
do they have hamburgers
hamburgers
french fries
how much is metropole
i want japanese food
how much is the food at yoshi's
can i take a bus to yochi's
start over please
please start over
i'd like some vietnamese food
i want to go no more than ten miles
no i said i want to go no more than ten miles
friday
breakfast 
six dollars
how about nine dollars
what about lunch
le-cheval
show me the price for le-cheval
give me additional information on le-cheval
forget it  
yeah i'd like to eat german food and i don't wanna spend more money than twenty dollars
 i said i don't wanna spend more than twenty dollars
i said twenty dollars
i want to have dinner tomorrow and i don't want to spend more than thirty dollars
i want to eat dinner
start over
start over
i want to have dinner in a german restaurant tomorrow
i said german tomorrow
i wanna spend thirty dollars in a german restaurant
i'm willing to travel twenty minutes from i__c__s__i
i'm willing to travel seven minutes from i__c__s__i
start over
i'd like to eat cheap german food tomorrow
i'd like to have lunch
i'm willing to travel one hour from i__c__s__i
i want to have lunch in a french restaurant tomorrow . for sixty dollars
i wanna travel at least one hour
i want to travel one hour
i don't want to travel far away
 start over
i wanna it polish food at friday
russian food
i want to spend very much money
i wanna spend very much money
sixty five dollars
start over
start over
i want to eat pizza
i'd like to eat dinner yesterday
i'd like to eat on saturday for about seventy five dollars
seventy dollars and    not too far away
forty dollars
not too much
not too much
i don't care
tell me more about nino's
tell me more about arinell-pizza
tell me more about nino's
start over
i'd like to eat on sunday night
i'd like to spend about ten dollars
about twenty minutes on foot
i would like to travel twenty minutes on foot
about two or three miles
about two or three miles only
area . area
where is sujatha's
where is sujatha's restaurant
no i want to know about indian restaurants
i want to go to an indian restaurant
indian
indian restaurant
please tell me about indian restaurants
which restaurants are open late
start over
start over
where is the closest greek restaurant
i'd like to eat today
i'd like to eat lunch
id' like to eat lunch
i'd like to eat a gyro
i'd like to eat a cheap lunch close by
not more than one mile
start over
where can i find steak
i would like to eat
i would like to eat a cheap dinner today
a cheap dinner
i would like to eat a cheap dinner
i would like dinner
not more than three miles
hello i'm jeff and i wanna go for dinner
i would like to eat some mexican food
i would like to eat today  in about an hour
i'm very cheap i don't want to spend very much money maybe five dollars
no i want mexican food it was i that was cheap and     i wanna spend five dollars
i want mexican food
i own a bike and i'm willing to bike for about ten minutes
start over
i want mexican food for lunch
today
about five dollars
i want to bike for five minutes
start over
i'm hungry is there a good place to eat
i want to eat on friday
breakfast but i don't want hungarian food . i want eggs
five dollars
five minutes walk
i would like to walk for five minutes
which ones have eggs
tell me more about lock stock and  bagel
show me the list again
lock-stock-and-bagel it was on the list
i would like to go to dinner in san__francisco
i would like to eat chinese food
i will pay a hundred dollars for dinner
the cost i will pay is a hundred dollars
start over
what is your favorite restaurant
japanese
saturday
dinner
dinner
one hundred dollars
ten miles
where is dwight way
i want the service to be quick
start over
i want to eat a very quick meal
it does not matter
right now
i want an inexpensive meal
it needs to be very fast
what is the closest restaurant
one minute
how about two minutes 
do have information on taco-bell
there is a restaurant right outside called food-to-go
start over
hamburger
tomorrow
lunch
lunch
close
what is the cost
do they have milkshakes
ethiopian
twenty minutes away
dinner
is there a restaurant an hour away
the distance i travel is an hour
do you have no ethiopian restaurants
what californian food do you have